David S. Kong: Actually, Bandcamp bans all AI music on the platform.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wow. That's interesting.
Audio shared by Mike: DOW!
Audio shared by Mike: Let me just turn that down a little bit.
Mike: as we… Pen in on the… Great chasm.
Mike: we see… a rock.
Mike: Floating in the sky next to the cliff.
Mike: Held up by some… Undefinable magic.
Audio shared by Mike: At about 1,000 feet below it.
Mike: Another huge slab of stone.
Mike: Maybe a thousand feet across, and… 100 feet wide.
Mike: Carved with hundreds of intricate channels and runes and… geometric shapes.
Mike: On the surface.
Mike: And flowing along these channels and runes and geometric shapes, like a sparking blue light.
Mike: That stops occasionally and jumps from place to place, or…
Mike: Brightens in one spot, and then dims in another.
Mike: Or pulses in an irregular way as you watch it.
David S. Kong: Sorry, sorry, is the blue light tracing, or is it actually creating new things? Yes, exactly.
Mike: No, no, no, it's tracing… it's tracing the channels and carvings, right? So it's like, if the light wasn't there, you would see, like, runes carved, and like… some of them are huge, like, there's some things that are giants, like…
Mike: 10, like, a room 10 feet across, and others are, like, small and intricate, and you can't make out from 1,000 feet up.
Audio shared by Mike: And then…
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker, we're here.
Mike: Yeah, no, yeah, Seeker, Seeker should come, this place exists? Seeker could come here.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
Audio shared by Mike: And then, in the… One… Sort of…
Mike: Corner of the… of the,
Mike: of this slab. A small figure.
Mike: Cross-legged, sitting, sort of, cross-legged, like, hunched over, with their arms stretched out.
Mike: like.
Mike: stuck in, almost, not, like, into the snow, but, like, grasping at two of the rooms. And as, you know, you can see this small figure down below, the light flows through their body, and, like, you… sparks come out, right? And you… you…
Mike: Sort of see, and then it dissipates, and it calms for a minute, and then a few minutes later, another jolt of it, of this… of this blue sparking light.
Audio shared by Mike: flows through their body. And this is, Idricus, the…
Mike: the elder…
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Mike: druid of the Baha of Akai, one of the… one of the caretakers of the Great Chasm, who is…
Mike: Holding together this.
Audio shared by Mike: Unexplained.
Mike: Runic machine.
Mike: With his body.
Mike: And he has asked you, as you remember, or maybe you don't, to… go find… In the,
Mike: Area below, and I'll
Mike: you sort of… you can sort of see just actually before… just beneath, the platform is actually slightly tilted. It looks like it's, like,
Mike: Slightly off-center, and it's, like, not, like, a steep tilt, like, but gently tilted in one direction. And you can see just under the platform, you can't make it out that well, because you're above it, but you can see, like, under the platform, just, like, the hints of, like, a structure.
Mike: Like, some sort of, like, like a cylindrical structure, kind of, that's hanging in the sky just beneath the platform.
Mike: And…
Mike: Adricus, you also see, in another spot on the platform, several bodies. Like, there's two bodies of a Kenku, of Kenku. There's, two or three bodies of Stoneborne, and about 5 orcs, sort of the remains of a battle.
Mike: Lives on the platform.
David S. Kong: recent battle?
Eric Rosenbaum: Drew it.
Mike: It was about… It was recent, yeah, it was, it was.
Audio shared by Mike: maybe…
Mike: A few weeks ago.
Mike: A little less than that. 8, 8.
Mike: Actually, more like 7 days ago, sorry. More like a week ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: Druid guy is human.
Mike: Cubic, yes.
Mike: Bam.
David S. Kong: That guy is a mentor.
Mike: Echo's mentor, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike: Adracus!
Mike: as you… as Echo flies back up to the… to the…
Mike: Floating rock up in the sky.
Mike: Near the cliff to sort of share Adracus' story. You know, you recall Echo told you that
Mike: Adreychus came across these orcs.
Mike: Camped out on this platform.
Mike: they had been here for some time.
Audio shared by Mike: and had…
Mike: You know, weeks, probably.
Mike: It had… it had killed… a group of Stoneborne.
Mike: how this group of Orcs and Stoneborn got to this platform. Adricus doesn't know. But there'd been a battle between the orcs and the Stoneborn.
Audio shared by Mike: the ORX-1.
Mike: And had been camped out on this, on this platform.
Mike: You know, eating the meat from the stoneboard bodies, and… maybe…
Mike: I don't know, doing… doing unknown, you know, Adracus doesn't really know what they were doing.
Audio shared by Mike: Adreykus and the Kenku, the two Parenko and another Kenku warrior from the monastery.
Mike: Came across these orcs, and the second battle ensued in which
Mike: some of the orcs died, the, two of the Kenku were killed, and then the orcs fled.
Mike: With a stone, with, like, this… this dark black stone that is a piece of the… of the machinery. A piece of the…
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright.
Mike: And they had fled with this stone, Down into the…
Mike: This cylindrical structure beneath the platform.
Mike: And Adracius could not chase them.
Mike: Because he stopped to… to try to hold together the energy,
Mike: That used to be flowing through the stone.
David S. Kong: I like how, in this campaign, or this story, and also in the last one, there's, like, a Rye-like figure that's, like, trying to stop the… Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: By sacrificing his body. Yeah, that's so interesting.
David S. Kong: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't even think of that when I came up with this, actually. It's great, though, Telgar is very thematic, you know?
Mike: Yeah? And so, Adreychus has asked you, asked Echo to go back and tell his companions this, gather them together.
Mike: Chase after the orcs.
Mike: Find them.
Mike: killed them. He thinks there's, like, 5 or 8 of them left, but warns you to be careful of their leader. A… a…
Mike: large orc, with many markings to Thark all over his body. Okay. And, retrieve this stone, bring it back to him.
Audio shared by Mike: And then he can…
Mike: You can repair this, you know, repair the… the…
Mike: whatever this thing is. He didn't explain what it is, although, Echo got the sense that Adreykus actually does know what this thing is.
Mike: But he was, he sort of was a little…
Mike: You know, it's a deep secret of the order, right? Like, is your sense. It's a little, like, you're too junior to have been shared with deep secrets.
David S. Kong: the, Mike, one other… Oh, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry, that last part again? The secret about what… I think I missed something.
Mike: So, the Veho Vakai is an order of druids who are closely associated with the Great Chasm in general.
Mike: and to…
Mike: Who have, like, plumbed its depths and explored it, and kind of see it as a sacred place.
Mike: And are very…
Mike: Counter to the general prevailing myth, or prevailing story in these parts, that the chasm is the home of
Mike: Zephiah, the cruel west wind, and that venturing into it brings ill fortune and ill fate.
Mike: the Bay of Akai are always like, no, it's like this sacred place with these powerful, magical…
Mike: Magical balance, and it's this place of sort of,
Mike: spiritual balance, right? And, you know, where opposing forces are neutralized and everything is… is…
David S. Kong: This is… this is Echo's order. Echo is a driven of this order.
David S. Kong: Mike, does a… Just, like…
David S. Kong: When, when, Echo was talking to Adrikas.
David S. Kong: Is it? Is he sure that it's a Dracus?
Mike: I mean, he certainly… he certainly is He's certainly sad.
David S. Kong: I was like a Dracus. Just, like, reading his mind, you know? Telepathic shit, all the… There you go.
Mike: You're like, cast the tech… cast Detect Thoughts?
David S. Kong: Sure.
Mike: Do you have a different way of breathing his mind?
David S. Kong: I thought Genku had some… some telepathic.
Mike: Wow, you could do the, like, telepathic Kenku thing.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: Yeah, Kenko have a telepathic Kenku thing?
Mike: I don't know how it works, Tim made it up, but I could look in your character sheet.
Tim Sackton: Where do you… no, they don't.
Mike: You can only just speak telepathically. You can't…
David S. Kong: I can speak…
Mike: I don't know, that's… that's just because… sorry, no, you, you, sorry, you…
Mike: Echo, you took the telepathic fate, so you can.
David S. Kong: Sorry.
Mike: Pathically.
David S. Kong: It's not a Kenku trait, it's an echo trait. Okay, okay. I knew that I had some telepathic abilities. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: But yeah, I use… sure, I'll cast.
Mike: And you can, once Prolonged Rest, you can auto-cast Detect Thoughts. Now, you already cast Detect Thoughts once on the Fae, that was the same…
Mike: But you could use a second level slot, and you could use.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah.
Mike: Yes.
David S. Kong: No, I'll use a spell slot for that, and I'll also,
David S. Kong: Yeah, I mean, I just use all my discernment. I mean, this is my… this is my… this is my, master, you know? But I just… I just want to confirm, you know? Is there anything off… if there's… is there anything off about him? Like, is there… you know, I just don't want us to be manipulated into, like, stealing some stone, and then, you know, because we're dealing with some fish shit, too. I mean, this is…
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Out of an abundance of caution here.
Mike: He seems very…
Mike: you get a… he's in a lot of pain, like, he's clearly in a lot of pain, right? And when you cast Detect Thoughts, the overwhelming…
Mike: The overwhelming thought you're actually… Sensing from him is just this, like…
Mike: Endless beating back of this… of this…
Mike: overwhelming, sort of, force flowing through his body. So, like.
Mike: It's kind of… you're kind of amazed that he's able to talk to you at all.
Mike: Right? Okay. In the sense that this is like a… you know, he's under a lot of strain.
David S. Kong: Right. Yeah. But, but, but just, just, like, because the two things I'm worried about are, one, it's, like, not him, it's, like, some…
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Or… or it's him, but he's being manipulated, that he's under, and so I'm just trying to, like, use my best discernment to see if either of those two things are true.
Mike: When you cast Detect Thoughts, you actually almost get the sense that he's… he's welcoming you into his mind.
David S. Kong: And he should.
Mike: Shows you, like… Like, like, it's almost like he can't…
Mike: It's very hard for him to speak, but he shows you, like, he think… you get this sense in between the moments of pain, like, when it calms down a little bit, he's, like, intentionally thinking of, like.
Mike: important moments in your mentorship. Like, encouraging moments when, like.
David S. Kong: Wow.
Mike: she would've… when you two would have, like, had a moment, like.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: Or, like, you know…
Mike: when you first, like, when he first met you, when you… after your experience in the chasm that made you sort of want to, join the Order? Like, he's… he's, like, intentionally thinking of these, like,
Mike: These points in your past that… that would be meaningful.
Audio shared by Mike: And you are in his relationship.
David S. Kong: All right, great, and these are, obviously, these are… these are unique thoughts that only he and I would know, so… Yeah, exactly.
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Okay, alright, alright, cool. So I, I… to the best of my discernment, I am confident that this is him, he's not being manipulated in any way.
Mike: Yeah, and it's, like, there's a very encouraging vibe, like, trying to, like, this is, like, the right, you know, this is, this, this is your, you're here.
Audio shared by Mike: He's very happy you're here.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Your sense is, like… Cool, cool, cool.
Mike: You've come to save me, great. I was just… I was despaired.
David S. Kong: Great, great, great.
Audio shared by Mike: Great.
David S. Kong: And I get, like, a plus one druid badge at the end of this. Like, I get, I get, like, I get upgraded to the next, the next category of whatever the hell this is.
Mike: I'll do it. Yeah?
David S. Kong: No, like, in the order, you know, I get…
Mike: Yeah, yeah, no, absolutely, right?
David S. Kong: You know what I mean? Like, the order will… I'll get some druid props, you know what I mean?
Mike: Right? Like, you get into the next layer of the secret order, absolutely.
David S. Kong: Nice, nice, nice, excellent. Okay. And then we find out at the end it's all the Philosopher's Guild, so anyways.
David S. Kong: True. There's actually only one secret organization that just takes many different forms, so just so everybody knows.
Mike: The Philosopher's Guild is, like, the one secret Tim is dedicated to keeping.
Tim Sackton: There's one secret organization, it's called the Mockers.
David S. Kong: Whaaat?
Tim Sackton: Do you remember that?
Mike: High school?
David S. Kong: Well, of course I remember that from high school, but Schwartz created that, so Schwartz knows all the… wait. Is Schwartz, like, Shadow DM? What's… what's going on here?
schwartz: The lockers are so secret, they didn't even show up in the campaign. That's how secret they are.
Mike: South.
David S. Kong: Oh, ".
Eric Rosenbaum: Schwartz is the real DM, and always has been, that's cool.
David S. Kong: That's what I was saying, Shadow DM.
David S. Kong: Wow, that's crazy. Okay, anyways.
David S. Kong: It's like our conspiracy Reddit.
Mike: Yeah, jeez.
David S. Kong: We should strike that.
Mike: So, you can see there's this structure, like, you can kind of, as… especially as you're, like, flying back up to the stone, you see, like.
Mike: underneath, like, it's askew, right? Like, it looks like it's supposed to be somewhere more directly under the platform, but there's, like, this cylindrical structure.
Audio shared by Mike: That starts with, like, there's a… there's a open area at the top, and then this… a section of, like.
Mike: several…
Mike: sort of cylindrical.
Mike: things kind of stacked together that makes, like, sort of a vertical tower, just kind of hanging in the air. That sort of narrows as it goes down.
Mike: So you can sort of see that hanging underneath. It's about 30 feet underneath the big platform.
Audio shared by Mike: And there's, like, a rope hanging off one edge of the platform, like, again, you're far away, you can't see it well, but, like, somebody climbed down and… or some group of people climbed down off the platform into the…
Mike: Into this cylindrical structure.
Eric Rosenbaum: do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Said Yellow.
Eric Rosenbaum: This, giant stone… Magic rune-covered object.
Eric Rosenbaum: What does it do? I assume it's a… it's a superweapon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Echo? Is that… is that true?
Eric Rosenbaum: It looks very powerful. Could we make use of it somehow?
David S. Kong: Like, Echo has no idea what that is. We're, like, we were told by, Drakeus to go and retrieve the stone that the orcs had, right?
Mike: Yeah, which is a piece of the giant runic. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And Dracus was very, like…
Audio shared by Mike: you know…
Mike: you don't know what… he didn't… he did not reveal to you what this thing did. You got a very strong sense that it's…
Mike: you've got the sense he cares about it. It's part of the chasm.
Eric Rosenbaum: And suddenly…
Audio shared by Mike: important way.
Audio shared by Mike: But…
Mike: But what it is, you don't know.
David S. Kong: What's the yard?
Eric Rosenbaum: I hope I get a chance to fire it, whatever it is.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, so, though, you're not gonna be allowed to touch it, or think about it, or do anything near it, just so you know. Just, there's all kinds of very important rules against specifically you interacting with a stone, ever. At all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just so you… just so you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great. I know that, I know…
David S. Kong: Yeah, I know that makes you only want to break those rules more, but just so you know that that's… that's the case. And our task is actually to go and retrieve… actually, is there an obvious spot in the stone where there's, like, a little break? Like, where the.
Mike: Yeah, like, where Dreychus was when you were talking.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: like…
David S. Kong: There's, like, a whole…
Audio shared by Mike: Rune that's kind of, like, one of these larger runes that's, like…
Mike: clearly had, like, a piece. It's like… it's like at the very northern point of the thing, or the point that points
Mike: chasm, right? There was, like, a piece that's, like, a complicated geometric structure, and, like, the center of that structure is, like, missing. It's like a circular… circular piece that makes, like, the center of a circle. It's like an arc, like a 270-degree arc. And it's, like, there's a slot to put it, right?
David S. Kong: Check.
Mike: And it's just missing.
David S. Kong: Got it.
Mike: I mean, Drakeus tells you, basically, the orcs took it, because he was defending it.
David S. Kong: So, you know…
Mike: They assumed it was valuable, because it was being defended.
David S. Kong: The time is of the essence. I mean, the orcs have, like, a week head start, or no? How long?
Mike: the orcs are camped out, presumably. There's no exit from this… like, if… there's a floating stone, and then a floating tower underneath the stone, and then…
David S. Kong: air.
Audio shared by Mike: The arcs have presumably not exited.
Mike: your… Your time pressure is that Adracus doesn't think he can survive.
David S. Kong: Got it.
Mike: that much longer.
David S. Kong: Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, okay. Yeah, so Echo…
Eric Rosenbaum: That goes very late.
David S. Kong: Go ahead, Eric.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that the orcs didn't have a way to fly.
Mike: The Arc still presumably do not have a way to fly.
David S. Kong: But let's, let's move quickly. Dracus is in great, great pain. We should move as quickly as we can to…
Audio shared by Mike: Bye.
David S. Kong: Give a thumb.
Tim Sackton: Oh, is there any way to get to the platform besides flying?
Audio shared by Mike: While the floating stone you're on can be pulled.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, right.
Mike: But the two Kenku could just drag it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems like…
Tim Sackton: We know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you for everybody with us.
Mike: How did they?
Tim Sackton: How the orcs appeared.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Audio shared by Mike: You don't know.
Audio shared by Mike: Adracus doesn't know either, he found them here. How they got here is totally unclear.
David S. Kong: Alright, well, let's go, let's go…
Audio shared by Mike: Custom Arts.
David S. Kong: Oh, also, like, this is a super random aside.
David S. Kong: If you're… can you do the thing in Immersive View where you basically, like, you know, like, that… that… that image you took of just a flying castle? You put that as the background? It's just like a nice, you know, just sets a vibe.
Mike: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love that. Good idea, Con.
David S. Kong: Ballpot vibes, man.
Mike: Yeah?
David S. Kong: Oh, God.
Mike: Yeah, we should.
David S. Kong: Oh, no problem. But I just echo to his companions,
David S. Kong: Actually, do we… so, do we know where the orcs are? Can we see them?
David S. Kong: Or is there a way to… I'm Arduino.
Mike: There's a… there's a… upside down.
Mike: Cylinder of stone, like, tower, basically, hanging in the sky underneath the runic platform.
Mike: And there's a rope hanging off the platform, weeding into the ceiling of this tower.
Mike: Feed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Feels like… a clue.
David S. Kong: So it's almost… Yeah.
Mike: I mean, you're all a thousand feet away, you could go investigate.
Eric Rosenbaum: YOLO says, I'm thinking about flying down around the bottom of that thing, just to see what's underneath it. Underneath the cylinder, I mean.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Go check it out.
Eric Rosenbaum: your load.
Eric Rosenbaum: Backflips off the platform, and…
Audio shared by Mike: Dive bomb straight down underneath.
Eric Rosenbaum: And looks up to see.
Audio shared by Mike: Sorry, I'm just… I… let's see, how do you do immersive?
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Mike: I don't know how to use Zoom.
Mike: Though I just need to add it as a background.
Tim Sackton: under View, there should be immersive, but I… I made you co-host, you might not have been able to do it before.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: under…
Tim Sackton: Top right corner of the screen.
Mike: Oh, view, I see. There we go.
Mike: I don't… I have gallery, I don't have… adversary.
David S. Kong: Or Tim, you can just do it, too.
Tim Sackton: I can do it. Which… what image…
Mike: In the Tagar chat, there was a floating castle that I texted.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah. That's the one.
David S. Kong: So…
Mike: YOLO… wise… Down and around. So this, this, structure,
Mike: That… so as you fly down towards it at the top, you can see that there is,
Mike: Like, a cracked… there's, like, a faint…
Mike: Blue light coming out of the top of it.
Mike: So the ceiling is actually open.
Mike: and…
David S. Kong: Nice.
Mike: there's a, like, faint blue-white coming out from the top, so, like, envision this as, like, a cylindrical room with… with a cracked and broken ceiling, so it's… it used to have a ceiling, but it's… but it's broken. And you can see, like, this coat, this, like, this, like,
Mike: Circular beam of light coming up, kind of diffusing as it goes up.
Mike: but coherent, so it's not the whole space. As you keep flying, there's, like, this…
Mike: section here, and then it… it narrows, and so there's, like, a narrower part. And then,
Mike: it widens in, like, this weird, lumpy section, that's almost… it has, like, these three protrusions, that almost look like, sort of, bulges coming out from the side.
Mike: It all looks like stone, but this… these protrusions are, like, black me… some sort of black substance that's, like, protruding out through the stone.
Mike: And then beneath that section, there's, like, another…
Mike: cylinder, kind of. It's like these stacked cylinders, right? So there's, like, another cylindrical room beneath that section that is just smooth on the outside. And then…
Mike: There's an opening, like, then the bottom, you see, like, you're not flying, like, that close to it, presumably, but underneath the… after the bulge, and then the less bulgy area, underneath that, you see 6 columns of, like, this black material.
Mike: coming down, like, like rods. Like, imagine, like, a tear… a layer cake, where you just put rods in it to hold the tiers together, and then you pull two tiers apart, so that you can see the rods.
Mike: So it's kind of like two sections, like, held together by 6 rods. And then the bottom section is big.
Mike: Right? And beneath the bottom section, there's, like, another, like, black There's, like, a,
Mike: Orb at the bottom, like the, you know, like,
Mike: piece sort of stuck on to the bottom. That's also made out of this weird black substance.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've… I fly up and… and…
Eric Rosenbaum: Report back, expressing a little bit of concern that things are getting weird.
David S. Kong: Did you see the orcs?
Mike: Well, you couldn't see in size, you…
Eric Rosenbaum: This is an amazingly complex structure.
Eric Rosenbaum: What the heck is it?
Eric Rosenbaum: And who would build such a thing?
Eric Rosenbaum: And why?
Eric Rosenbaum: Unless it's… A superweapon.
Kate Sackton: So…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How many entrances?
Mike: The only entrance you noticed was the…
Mike: I mean, again, I assume you kind of did a quick flyby, not, like, a detailed search?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Mike: There's a very obvious entrance at the top, the entire ceiling is broken. The very top room.
Mike: that's about 30 feet underneath the platform. You can see the rope is dangling, there's, like, a 25-foot rope dangling down that almost comes to the broken ceiling. And there's parts of the… there's, like, these 6 pillars, and one of them
Mike: still has, like, a part of the ceiling, right? Like, you can see, like, it looks like the rope
Mike: came down, and… And actually make a perception check.
Kate Sackton: Do we want to bring our escape rock to the structure we're going to, or to Adrakus's platform and then go down the rope?
Eric Rosenbaum: The perception check was for me.
Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, I percepted also, I misinterpreted, but I rolled a natural 20, so I'm gonna… I'm gonna go with that.
Mike: Yeah, but you're a thousand feet… you're a thousand feet away, so see nothing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Mmm, but I see it so well.
Mike: We do see it very well.
Mike: Yeah, so… so there's an obvious entrance at the top, right? You could… you could, you could obviously…
Mike: Go to the platform, this big, runic platform, grab onto the rope.
Mike: slide down, you'd be on the roof, where you could then see more. It doesn't look like it's that high, though, you could probably just jump from the… like, the cylinders are… most of the cylinders, they're varying heights, but the top one is only, like, 10 feet. So if you're, like, on the… or 9th, right, it's just not a big space.
Mike: There's also this weird blue column of light that comes up from the… out of the cylinder… out of the top cylinder.
Mike: But again, you're far away, it's hard to get a lot of details. I'll give you more details when you go closer to it.
Kate Sackton: So, are the Kenku gonna pull us closer to a Dracasys platform, which is closer to us than the other thing, right? It's like…
Mike: Place not. The place we are…
Kate Sackton: It's like, it's like… It's in that world.
Mike: The platform is like this, and the cylinder is like this, beneath it.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: above Adrikas' platform.
David S. Kong: Oh, wait. Other creative, but possibly distracting idea. What if we are.
Eric Rosenbaum: Love it.
David S. Kong: help a Dracus? What if we can help a Dracus somehow?
David S. Kong: like, what if our… we have, like, some cleric and some other, you know? What if we can provide him some support? And thus, that gives us more time to just stick around and do side quests.
Mike: Wow, I mean, I don't have any side quests prepared, so I hope you don't.
David S. Kong: Well, I mean, it's less… it's just more, more, you know, more taking our time, you know what I mean? This place seems cool and weird, you know, like… like that other place… like, the other place with the food and stuff like that, it had kind of, like, Severance vibes, if anybody's seen Severance, you know what I mean? It's like a…
Mike: Yeah?
David S. Kong: It's kind of had, like, a weird… I'm not suggesting we, like, live there for, like, a long period of time, but, you know…
David S. Kong: Anyways… I think you're still going to go…
Mike: I think you're still going to plan on going back to that other place, right?
David S. Kong: Well, it's true.
Mike: Honestly.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, but anyway, even without the…
David S. Kong: Even without the word side quests, you know, maybe there is a creative way to help us make us not be so stressed out.
David S. Kong: Yeah. I don't know if we asked about that, but just… just saying.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like, if somebody could give them a healing spell or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or… some other buff.
David S. Kong: It's not like psychically bolstering him somehow. Like, again, like, we've got…
David S. Kong: Paladins, and… right? Somebody's… I don't know, we could have no way to do that, I was just mentioning that.
David S. Kong: I ran out of my dear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and Mike… Last time, I put the weird metal…
Mike: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: river, right?
Mike: Yes, yes, you did. Your error?
Eric Rosenbaum: But…
Mike: No, you can know what they do. It doesn't have to be secret. Your arrows are now attracted to metal.
Mike: And are very good at… so you get a plus 2 to hit against anybody wearing metal armor.
Mike: And they do an extra… an extra 1d4 slashing damage as the heads, like, explode when they pierce people.
Eric Rosenbaum: How many have I got?
Mike: shit.
Mike: It's as many, they're infinite. They magically appear as you take them out of the quiver.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could, like, take a small coin.
Eric Rosenbaum: Throw it up in the air, turn around facing the other direction, shoot my crossbow, and it will, like…
Mike: Well, it's only a plus 2 hit, it's not like… So, but you'd have a… you'd have a better chance, you'd have a plus 2 on your roam.
Mike: I mean, it's probably a little bit str… like, you might be able to pull some tricks like that. It wouldn't quite, like, do a… but, like, you could aim wide and it would correct itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like it. Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, yeah, let's bring this stone down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right?
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Alright?
Mike: Are you… coming down… Next to… so again, the… the platform's slanted like this.
Mike: The top over here is where Dracus is.
Mike: Over here, underneath the bottom, is where this weird cylinder with bulgy black strange things growing out of it is, this cylindrical sky dungeon.
Mike: you could bring your stone, and there's about 30 feet between the two platforms. Your stone is, like, 10 feet by…
Audio shared by Mike: 15 feet.
Mike: Right? And it's not that thick, it's only like this. So you could kind of put it anywhere.
Kate Sackton: My thought is that we want to be able to get back out and get back up to a Dracus, so I think we should park our movable object where we can reach it from climbing back up to the ceiling.
Tim Sackton: Can we… sorry, before we drag the stone down.
Kate Sackton: So that's my vote.
Tim Sackton: Can we drag it up?
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I'm a little confused about how physics works here.
Mike: It's best to think of the stone as, like, I mean…
Mike: Yeah, neutrally buoyant? That's a good… it's basically neutrally buoyant, yeah. Like, it… When you… when you…
David S. Kong: Sprinkle.
Mike: it and, like, stop it. It stops, but if you push it, it'll keep going for a little bit. So think of the stone as just…
Mike: As just always neutrally buoyant, wherever.
Tim Sackton: The well… well… Echo is talking to…
Tim Sackton: a Dracus, I will have been… I'll ritually cast a tech magic.
Tim Sackton: Jack?
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: you can only see magic within 30 feet, right?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: Okay. But that… it lasts for… It lasts for time.
Tim Sackton: That's…
Mike: 10 minutes? Okay.
Mike: So you guys are dragging the stone down?
Tim Sackton: What kind of magic is it?
Mike: transformation, I guess?
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Well… Yeah, I think so.
Mike: So where are you putting the stone?
Mike: Like, like, kate suggested, kind of perched at the top, so you can…
Eric Rosenbaum: Like, in between the two things, right? Is that what you… yeah, yeah, let's do that.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: M… as you pass towards it, Tim Finian notices there's, like, a…
Tim Sackton: and then…
Mike: Thin in. Sorry.
Mike: you pass past… a… like… In…
Mike: It looks to you like this, swirling… like, torrent…
Mike: Like, a torrent river of multicolored white.
Mike: Just flowing past you, like, you can't… you can't see it outside of the 30 feet.
Mike: of Detect Magic, but as the stone is coming by, as coming down as you get rel… you're relatively close to the cylinder, all of a sudden you see, like.
Mike: Kind of just off to your left. This, like…
Mike: massive torrades of colored energy, like, passing through the range of your detect magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Coming from where and going to where?
Mike: Well, you can't tell, because… Like.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just passing through.
Mike: It's… it starts at the edge of your detect magic and ends at the edge of your detect magic. Presumably, it keeps going in either direction, but you can't see it.
Mike: That's… I don't know, I assume that's kind of how you'd imagine detect magic works. You can't see magic outside of the 30 feet range, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Yeah. So, you can't see where it goes or where it comes from, because it's outside of the…
Mike: Outside of the range of your spouse.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Could follow it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know what that would tell.
Kate Sackton: Things to do.
Mike: I mean, it looks like it's originating from the cylinder.
Mike: And gully.
Mike: I mean, it's hard to say. It could be going to the platform.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: I want to, step down into the cylinder area.
Mike: I mean, do you just keep going?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Mike: As you get…
Mike: As you get close to the… so now you're, like, there's stone is kind of coming along, and you can see down into the first room of this… of this cylinder.
Mike: the top room, you see, like, a circular chamber open to the sky.
Mike: The stone floor of this chamber kind of curves slightly inward, and at the very center, is…
Mike: At the very center, you can see this, like, blue light that's, like, crackling just a little bit on the edges, and it's, like, this cylinder of blue light that goes up
Mike: Past where the ceiling is, and then kind of diffuses as soon as it gets past where the ceiling is.
Mike: And you can see on the… there's walls around the edge, right? And near the edge of one wall, there's a body of an orc, like, crushed against it.
Audio shared by Mike: before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Crushed?
Mike: Yeah, like, the body is almost like…
Mike: Not, like, flat like a pancake, but it… it looks smashed against the floor.
Eric Rosenbaum: What would do that?
Kate Sackton: Do we see any sort of exits from the room?
Mike: the… the blue-white is originating in a hole. So…
Mike: There's a hole down into the next layer, which is…
Mike: What this blue light is coming out of.
Eric Rosenbaum: YOLO, sticks a hand into the blue light.
Mike: So, are you gonna… so, sorry, you're… right now, you're maybe… you're, like, up above it.
Mike: Right? Are you… are you, like, jumping down and, like, flying down and landing on the ground and then sticking a hand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Mike: light, or…
Eric Rosenbaum: I was imagining we were already on that level, but we're not yet.
Mike: No, you're not yet.
Mike: Like, right now…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Although, after putting his hand in.
Mike: Your rock is, like, now… So, like, yeah, Yala likes to stick his hands in things.
Mike: It's gonna be… interesting.
Mike: There's, like, a cylindrical room, no ceiling, your floating rock is now, like.
Mike: Floating at the top of the wall.
Mike: Right? The wall keeps going up, and now you're, like, perched on the edge of the wall, right?
Mike: And…
Mike: you… can look ahead now. You could… I mean, the floor is 10 feet below you, ish, 15 feet, something like that.
Mike: You can… or 20 feet, maybe. You can look forward, and you can see this blue cylinder.
Mike: Right? There's a rope dangling down, you have your own ropes, like, you can see there's, like, a rope attached to the…
Tim Sackton: We don't have… we don't have a rope.
Mike: Didn't Justice have a rope?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: It's just as his rope is tied to the leg of the snow.
Mike: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Dangling out of the…
Mike: You're right, you're right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's right.
Audio shared by Mike: That's true.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Mike: Because there is a rope, I mean, you could go get that rope if you wanted a rope, or it goes down, so you could go around the edge, you could walk around the top.
Kate Sackton: Map them into the toilet.
Audio shared by Mike: Or, the Kenku could fly, I mean…
Kate Sackton: Dreams… dream… dream…
Kate Sackton: Points out that the orcs all came this way, and either they scaled around the outside of this room and didn't go in, or they went in and went down through that hole.
Kate Sackton: At the bottom of the blue light.
Kate Sackton: Because they're not in that room anymore. Except, worrisomely, for the one guy who is in there, possibly because the room is a giant centrifuge that, like, spins people to the periphery, and only the orcs that went straight down through the bottom made it, and he got a little bit out of the path and got squashed like a pancake.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does he look squished up against the wall like that?
Audio shared by Mike: He's flat against the floor, but his body does look squished.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well…
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm really torn here, I don't want to get squished, but I do want to stick my finger in the blue light, so if anybody has any better.
Mike: Your stone is starting to slowly…
Audio shared by Mike: Tip.
Audio shared by Mike: forward. Like… like, the front of it is all of a sudden seeming a little bit heavier than the back of it, and it's starting to get a little unbalanced.
Kate Sackton: We're gonna get dumped to the room.
Eric Rosenbaum: I walk in the direction that would balance it, if you know what I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like, walk uphill on the stone as it tips. Does that help?
Mike: That helps.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are we tipping towards? Like, the light?
Audio shared by Mike: The… into the, like…
Mike: I'm envisioning that… I'm envisioning that the stone, you basically landed the stone.
Audio shared by Mike: On the top of the wall.
Mike: Right? So, it's a big circle.
Audio shared by Mike: Right? Open to the sky, you landed the stone kind of on the wall. It's neutrally buoyant, so, like, you didn't have to position it that well.
Mike: And now you're, like, standing there, and then… now it's tipping forward into the room.
Mike: Finally.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are we gonna, are we gonna ride this thing down? I don't think we should.
Tim Sackton: Oh, from the top.
Kate Sackton: top of the ceiling to the… to the floor is not… is how… how high is this wall?
Audio shared by Mike: Maybe 15 feet.
Audio shared by Mike: Er… 10 feet? From the… from the… Fa… from the,
Audio shared by Mike: Rudic stone to the floor is about 40 feet.
Audio shared by Mike: But from the… from where you are to the floor is only.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yolo, why don't you just go ahead?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yolo will, you're right, you know? We shouldn't be too cautious here.
Kate Sackton: No, you're.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello.
Kate Sackton: And one of us holds your hand, even if you're, like, pulled by some force, we can help you get out, right?
Kate Sackton: Go slowly.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a… that's a sensible idea, but I don't think it's strictly necessary. YOLO jumps up and flaps his wing once… wings once, and .
Audio shared by Mike: Drops down to land.
Eric Rosenbaum: On his feet on the floor below.
Audio shared by Mike: Maka!
Audio shared by Mike: Acrobatics check.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I like to hear.
Eric Rosenbaum: 11…
Audio shared by Mike: 11.
Mike: Bam.
Mike: YOLO.
Kate Sackton: Are you just gonna go to sleep?
Mike: Yolo lands… On his… ass.
Mike: It's… the gravity is unexpectedly strong. You start to flip down… you're, like, flying down towards the… towards the edge, right, where the wall is.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna do that thing where you make it look like you meant to do that. It'll turn into a trick where I'll backwards somersault back onto my feet.
Mike: I can make another acrobatics check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, dear.
Mike: I'm gonna dig myself a deeper hole, that's a 9. Okay, YOLO… YOLO splutters down!
Mike: And, like, drop suddenly, like, like, you feel the gravity is, like, shifting underneath you, right? And then y'all tries to, like…
Mike: Do a roll, and, like, he meant to do that, like, do a roll forward, and ends up sprawled on his face, prone on the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm okay, I'm okay! I lift my hand, it must feel weird to lift my hand.
Mike: Yeah, the gravity, like, it feels weirdly, like, like you're in a weird… it feels weirdly heavy, like, your whole body feels weirdly heavy here.
Mike: But you can see there's actually a few cracks, like, there's a stone near you that's cracked, and like, like, you can see, like, as you're… like, the edge of this area, the edge of the wall, now that you're landed here, you can kind of see there's some, like, cracks, there's, like, a gap.
Mike: There's, like, these cracks and gaps where you could probably jump down to the next level from… from here, where you are, from the edge.
Eric Rosenbaum: I take the unusual step of attempting to look before jumping down.
Tim Sackton: While YOLO's exploring, I'll turn to Echo and say, will you fly up and get that rope?
Tim Sackton: Seems like it might be useful.
David S. Kong: Humans and their ropes.
David S. Kong: Echo flies.
Tim Sackton: I'm not human.
David S. Kong: You're not a human?
Tim Sackton: I'm happy!
Kate Sackton: floating.
David S. Kong: Oh, sorry, you're a half late, yeah.
Tim Sackton: I don't need the rope, it's just…
David S. Kong: Humanoids in.
Tim Sackton: Tall human in plate armor that might need the rope.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the… I could use a rope, in fairness.
Mike: There's, like, an iron spike driven into the rock, and, like, the rope is tied to it, and it's easy to get.
Mike: Right, we can grab the rope, no problem.
Mike: Do you cross through the blue light? Like, how are you flying? Are you flying around or over?
David S. Kong: Me?
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Oh, I fly around it. Yeah, I'm not… I'm not dumb.
Mike: Sorry, I mean, I'm not, adventurous.
Mike: Okay, you have a rope?
Mike: So, anybody else do anything before we switch back to…
Tim Sackton: This is cool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wilson stows the rope. I finally feel whole again.
Kate Sackton: Justice, I think we should…
Tim Sackton: Tie it on somewhere and climb down in case this is a…
Tim Sackton: Harder jump than you expect it to be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think that's fair. Tied onto the, the rock we're on right now?
Mike: Yeah, I mean, there's also, like, the ruined… the top of the wall, there's plenty of, like, little protrusions, and, like.
Tim Sackton: Hold on, I'll do it.
Mike: Yeah, it's fine. So yes, you… it's easy enough to tie, and the rope is…
Mike: 25 feet, the ground is only 12 feet below, this is not a hard problem. You can easily end up at the ground.
Mike: Are you gonna climb down the rope first, or should I?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I'll climb down.
Mike: It's fine. You all just climbed up. We don't…
Kate Sackton: I'll just claim that.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Right. But…
Tim Sackton: But Echo, can you… sorry to…
Tim Sackton: Use… take advantage of your wing so much, but could you untie it, just so we have a rope with us?
David S. Kong: I thought I did that. Didn't know what I did.
Tim Sackton: No, no, no, no, after we climbed down.
David S. Kong: Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
David S. Kong: Well, you know, I've always wanted the title Echo, Rope Fetcher, so yes, I can do that for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
Mike: as you all kind of land and walk around, you can see there's, like, a number of these, like, cracked stones and things like that in the floor. There's maybe 2 or 3 places,
Mike: In the floor where you could.
Tim Sackton: below?
Mike: Yeah, so you can… yes, you can see down.
Mike: beneath you, like, it's… it's… you kind of have to… yeah, but there's cracks and things. You could… you could jump down to them and you can see down.
Tim Sackton: So they're big cracks.
Mike: Yeah, I mean, you'd have to, like…
Tim Sackton: Massive cracks.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: They're, like, a few feet wide.
Mike: Yes, yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: I mean, in one case, there's, like, in a couple cases, they're, like… in two of them, there's, like, stone on top of them, and you have to unclear it. One of them…
Mike: Looks like it was… cleared.
Audio shared by Mike: And you actually see another orc.
Mike: Like, if you go look at all of these, right?
Audio shared by Mike: There's two that are, like, less visible, where there's, like, some stone piled on top. You could probably dig your way and jump through. Or, Finn might be able to sneak through, right?
Audio shared by Mike: The third one, you can see another orc, lying.
Audio shared by Mike: Dead on the ground.
Audio shared by Mike: In the next room down, right, underneath this crack.
Mike: It's more like a 20-foot drop.
Mike: On the… into the next, into the next room. And the room beneath you is much wider than this.
Mike: So you can't… like, your angle is bad, you can see it goes around on the edge. There's a… there's…
Audio shared by Mike: these stone… it's, like, smooth stone, the whole thing is, like, smooth stone on the edges. There is a,
Audio shared by Mike: Like, for… sort of… Crystalline structures, that have… They're, like, complex.
Audio shared by Mike: Crystalline structure that have, like, markings carved into them.
Audio shared by Mike: Not any language you understand,
Audio shared by Mike: And then the… the outside, the, like, cylindrical wall.
Audio shared by Mike: You can only… you can't see that well, but you can see there's… on this side, you can see into, there's… there's, like, a…
Mike: Alcoves set in the wall.
Audio shared by Mike: And in… the two alcups you can see in.
Mike: There's, like, one alcove is, like, there's, like, a cracked
Mike: humanoid figure that's, like, broken in half. Like, like a metal…
Mike: a metal and clay sort of statue that's, like, split in half. And in another recess,
Mike: You can see, like, Almost like a, set of, like, It almost looks like,
Mike: There's, like, a… a ruin it, like, this, this,
Mike: crystal protrusion coming up, like a rock protrus… like a…
Mike: A protrusion coming out from the wall that has, like, this crystal orb set in it, but there's a crack through the middle of the orb.
Mike: The gravity feels heavy.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is the blue light.
Eric Rosenbaum: Show up down here as well, that cylinder of light.
Mike: Yeah, so there's a hole in the floor, and the blue light is coming from the hole in the floor, but it doesn't go down… like, when you peer down through the cracks, you don't see…
Mike: The four crystalline structures are, like, set around where the hole is, but there's no…
Mike: The light isn't really… the light seems to start as it passes through the ceiling of the…
Mike: Chamber beneath you, as it passes the floor of the chamber you're in.
Kate Sackton: So the column of blue light only exists on the level we're at, not the level we're gonna climb down to.
Mike: Cracked.
Kate Sackton: Now's your chance, Echo.
Eric Rosenbaum: I put my… one finger in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just, like…
Mike: Okay, you… Walk up to the…
Mike: Blue-white, hold on, I gotta find my…
David S. Kong: You're having a lot of fun playing this character, aren't you, Eric?
Eric Rosenbaum: Here we go. At…
Mike: Okay, so, as you start… as you start, crossing.
Mike: Like, as you cross towards the blue-white, actually, as you're getting closer to it, all of a sudden, you feel this, like.
Mike: strong… Pulling, like… like, your whole body almost feels like it's being yanked at.
Mike: And, like, there's… it almost feels like there's a,
Mike: like, like, your insides are almost being, like, pulled out, and, like, your vision is being, like, distorted.
Mike: Do you want to try and, like, resist this?
David S. Kong: And next time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Am I from the blue flag?
Mike: Well, it's like, as… as you cross, you're, like, 5 feet from the blue life, but, like, as you… as you walked forward, you started feeling this… this tongue, right? So, like, if you don't do anything, you're just gonna be pulled in. You can… you can try and…
Eric Rosenbaum: I pull back.
Mike: So, you try to, like…
Mike: how are you… how are you trying to resist it? Give me two words to describe how you're trying to stop this thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just… I'd dig my feet in and unfurl my wings.
Mike: Make a strength saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Drinks, dating.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm rolling really good today, that's a 6.
Mike: okay, you feel yourself, like, as you… you… you…
Mike: you're, you're, like, sucked through this boundary, right? And…
Eric Rosenbaum: good, right?
Audio shared by Mike: Everything is, like…
Mike: you, like, blink. So, once you're… now that you're here, gravity's very light. You feel like you could almost step up and float.
Mike: And like, you know, the blue light is just ahead of you, but you've clearly crossed some.
Audio shared by Mike: But…
Mike: Like, you could, you know, it's, like, very… it feels very peaceful, like, you could sort of…
Mike: Jump up and, and, and, yeah.
Mike: Well, in the air, practically. You do take 6 points of damage.
Mike: and, you feel like…
Mike: as you're walking forward, it's like, you're still almost feel, like, laggy. Like, your whole body feels kind of laggy. Like, when you, when you, like,
Mike: you're constantly, like, you step forward and you feel like, oh, wait, I feel behind. Like, you just have this weird disoriented sense that, like, you're… you're…
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Mike: the world is moving ahead of you, like, a little faster than you're able to catch up to it. You feel very disoriented.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
Eric Rosenbaum: You see, you see YOLO kind of flailing around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Trying to figure out what's going on. Looking up, looking down… Kind of like… Jumps in here.
Mike: You're almost neutralized wings.
Mike: Right? Like, if you flap your wings, you just kind of float up into the air a little bit.
Mike: So you guys aren'.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll see y'all it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yolo, you… you good? You want a rope?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We've got a road.
David S. Kong: Well…
Eric Rosenbaum: Give me a second.
Mike: You push yourself down, like, if you just kind of… you go down pretty easily if you, like, kind of push your body towards the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looking up along the blue light, is it… does it, like… Terminate… Underside of the…
Mike: It dissipates a few.
Eric Rosenbaum: web.
Mike: Beneath the underside of the slab.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is this thing for?
Audio shared by Mike: Did I shoot an arrow up along it to see if it, you know, accelerates it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Because this could be a weapon.
Mike: You shouldn't air, you shouldn't air?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll shoot a regular arrow, not the… or do I have regular arrows, as opposed to the…
Mike: I don't think you have regulars, you only have your magic burger.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh boy, okay, I shoot my magic metal arrow, metal-seeking arrow, straight up along the path of the blue…
Mike: I mean, it goes maybe a little faster than normal. When it gets to the top, it just kind of hangs there for a minute, and then it floats very slowly back down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: To where I can just grab it again?
Audio shared by Mike: If you want to, yeah?
Audio shared by Mike: I mean, it looks like it would keep I…
Mike: Floats by you, you can certainly grab it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let me grab it.
Mike: Okay? You grab it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, can I… can I get out of this? Can I, like, fly my way?
Eric Rosenbaum: Out of the beam, back over to the others.
Mike: Like, go up, or what do you…
Audio shared by Mike: Sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sideways, I guess?
Mike: Are you gonna walk back the way you came, or are you gonna go up?
Eric Rosenbaum: Inclined to go up a little ways in the back.
Mike: I mean, yeah, you can go up and fly, you don't feel anything weird. Like, if you go up,
Mike: You know, you go up and then you go across, like, you feel kind of a…
Mike: As you… maybe when you're 5…
Mike: The sort of weird neutral buoyancy dissipates when you're… as you go horizontal, but it seems like it almost widens a little bit as it goes up, so you're not actually that far from the wall when it starts to dissipate.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is this thing?
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if it's a…
Eric Rosenbaum: catcher. Like, stuff falls in, and it slows it down, and then gathers it towards the center.
Audio shared by Mike: But what?
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, what would squash someone who came down there? I think we should keep going down.
Audio shared by Mike: That, that.
Mike: The squashed person is on the edge, with the gravities heavily.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh… Is it that heavy, though?
Mike: Maybe if you fell from 40 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh… maybe.
Audio shared by Mike: Like, if you jumped off the platform 40 feet up? Maybe.
Kate Sackton: Are we gonna go down this crack that the orcs have gone down?
Eric Rosenbaum: Clearly.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Brandon doesn't like this place. Let's… let's get out of here as quickly as we can.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, once we figured it all out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, the way out is through.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly.
Mike: So, ignore the blue-white, try and climb down the crack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, tie the rope.
Tim Sackton: Same thing we did to get down off the wall.
Mike: Okay,
Mike: So, you are…
Mike: it's… it's definitely,
Mike: As you sort of climb
Mike: Tie the rope, make everybody who… well, what are the… Who's going first, actually?
Mike: Are you going down to the crack with the crushed orc body beneath you? So again, there's a second orc body on the floor underneath this crack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll, like, drop a pebble through the crack and just see if it, like, has any sudden acceleration towards the bottom.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It… But otherwise, I think that makes sense. The orc can break our fall.
Mike: it falls pretty fast. Like, it cracks into the floor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's take a different, how about a different crack? That's a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there another way we can go where it doesn't…
Mike: Thank you quite at that speed.
Mike: There are 3 cracks, 2 of them you'd have to uncover, but if you uncover them and test them, they're all…
Mike: all three of them have this increasing gravity. I mean, you could certainly…
Mike: I don't mean to imply you would, like, instantly die if you jumped.
Mike: But… it…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whoa, who's… Let's take the orc crack, but tie the rope off well, and… We'll lay ourselves down carefully.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Yeah, you can do that.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: M… Who's going first?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like YOLO's probably going first, but otherwise, Justice'll…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justice will go first, but YOLA's too quick for him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yolo steps back and offers a… Polite.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gesture.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Down I go.
Eric Rosenbaum: I respect initiative, you know.
Mike: Make a… Athletics or acrobatics check?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's, 18 athletics.
Mike: Okay, so you, you… The gravity, like, climbing down this rope is… is harder than you think.
Mike: Like, it's definitely, takes a lot out of you, just, like, fighting this, like… poll.
Mike: But you make it to the bottom safely.
Mike: And now you can… wow, who's, who's next?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll go next.
Mike: Alright, are you climbing down the rope, or are you just flying?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll try climbing down the road.
Mike: Alright, make a… Fake up.
Mike: Acrobatics are athletics, but your wings help a lot, so you can have advantage.
Mike: If everybody's just climbing, everybody is well… I mean, if you can wait one by one to see what happens, or you can all just roll, if you'd like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Natural one, but with advantage.
Mike: advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's… 17.
Mike: Okay. So I almost slip, and…
Eric Rosenbaum: ball.
Mike: Yup, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: On my head.
Mike: You actually just let go of the rope for some dumb reason, and your wings, like, you're like, -oh, and you, like, catch yourself with your wings and, like, grab back onto it, and… and make your way down safely.
David S. Kong: Where?
Eric Rosenbaum: kind of day.
David S. Kong: Echo goes, he's gonna fly through it.
Mike: Is it high.
Tim Sackton: Is the gravity so heavy that you can't… is it… Can you still fly?
Mike: You can still fly, yeah. It's just… it's just slow, it's, like, hard going, but you can still fly.
Kate Sackton: So climbing down the rope is an athletics check, is what it is for those of us without wings.
Tim Sackton: Echo, how about giving me a list?
David S. Kong: like…
Tim Sackton: I'm little.
David S. Kong: You want me to carry you like a baby?
Tim Sackton: Yes, please.
David S. Kong: Echo size. Alright. I will try to carry, thinia like a baby.
Kate Sackton: I don't know how you should mean if you're gonna be a baby.
Mike: fit in. Ehhhhh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike: You can manage. Yeah, it's, it's, it's fine.
Mike: drain is, I think, all that's left.
Kate Sackton: I rolled a 10 for my athletics check.
David S. Kong: Did I need to roll anything?
Mike: That works.
Mike: Flying is okay. It's hard going flying, but if you're not trying to do, like,
Mike: Actually, I mean, it doesn't really matter, like, I only made, I only made,
Mike: Eric role on flying before, because YOLO was trying to land with a flourish.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, okay, alright, not at all, yeah.
Mike: the consequence of YOLO rolling was only whether he landed at his feet on his flourish or not. It wasn't… it's not like you can't fly.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Joe's not trying to show off.
Mike: Kate, however, Drain, like, it's just, like, you find, like, you have to constantly grab onto the rope to keep yourself from… wait, what'd you say you got a, what, a 10?
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: yeah, you… You just… you just, you just lose your grip,
Mike: Like, it's just… it's very difficult getting down this rope, like, the gravity keeps changing, it's very heavy, like, at some point, you just… you fall, and take…
Mike: picked 7 points of damage.
Mike: As you hit the ground. Pick myself up and dust myself off.
Kate Sackton: Oof.
Tim Sackton: In fact.
Mike: No.
Tim Sackton: Is it down from this room?
Mike: Yeah, hold on, let me… let me describe more clearly what you see in this room, because there's… there's actually, quite a bit.
Audio shared by Mike: This room… has…
Kate Sackton: Live works?
Audio shared by Mike: No live works.
Audio shared by Mike: it woke… so, there's a… as I was sort of…
Audio shared by Mike: As I started to say before, there's…
Audio shared by Mike: These four crystalline structures in the middle, and there was two sort of alcoves that you could see from the top, and now that you have, as you're coming down, you can see across the other side of the room.
Audio shared by Mike: There's two other alcoves set in the… in the side.
Audio shared by Mike: and, in one of those two alcoves, you see a humanoid figure of stone and metal, seated.
Audio shared by Mike: There's another humanoid figure out the alcove near you, but it's, like, cracked and fallen, like, half of its body has fallen down.
Audio shared by Mike: This one is, seated, you can see that, like.
Audio shared by Mike: Part of its… part of its torso, like, a piece of its torso is missing.
Audio shared by Mike: But you can see these, these runes, like…
Mike: complex runes all across its turn. So it has… it has, like, a…
Audio shared by Mike: Like, a… almost robot head, like, like, think about, like, the droid… the… the…
Tim Sackton: Whateverman.
Mike: I don't… what?
Tim Sackton: Cyberman?
Mike: I was thinking of, like, the battle droids in the early Star Wars movies, but, like, just this very, like, fake-looking, like a… like a cylindrical head with, like…
Audio shared by Mike: two eyes and, like, a crack for a mouth, but, like, very… sort of, Cybermen-esque would also work as a mental image, right?
Audio shared by Mike: But there's these complex roots all across its torso, except there's a piece that's…
Audio shared by Mike: Like, it's like a breastplate in two pieces, one of the breastplate has fallen off, you can just see a dark, area of the inside of it. There's, like, a beating, flickering light inside it.
Audio shared by Mike: And… as…
Audio shared by Mike: it sees you, like, as you come… as the… as drain falls to the ground, its head kind of turns, and you can see, like, the… its eyes sort of light up, and it sort of is staring at you.
Mike: There are 4 metal hatches, like you can see you're standing near, there are 4…
Audio shared by Mike: Metal hatches on the floor.
Mike: So, like, you'd have to pull them up, you don't know what's beneath you, but there are four…
Kate Sackton: cloud.
Audio shared by Mike: Trapdoors in the, in the floor.
Tim Sackton: Move on quickly, folks.
Audio shared by Mike: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm keeping an eye on the…
Eric Rosenbaum: animated statue thing. Is it living?
Audio shared by Mike: looks… I mean, it's… it clearly turned its head and its eyes lit up. It… It, stands?
Audio shared by Mike: It takes, like, 2 steps.
Audio shared by Mike: Towards you, and, like, you… you hear, like, Like, an exhalation, like.
Mike: sort of…
Audio shared by Mike: not really a, like, almost like… like, just a puff of… of… like, a breath of wind is coming out of it, but doesn't really make sound. And then you hear, like, a…
Audio shared by Mike: like a… Wake up.
Audio shared by Mike: creaking, like…
Mike: noise.
David S. Kong: Anybody?
Tim Sackton: I'm a strong guy.
David S. Kong: Just… go ahead.
Tim Sackton: Some… one of you strong people, lift up that trapdoor, and let's… let's keep moving as…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep, up it goes.
Tim Sackton: What's… what can we see below?
Mike: Do you still have Detect Magic, by the way?
Mike: It probably hasn't faded, right?
Tim Sackton: Hi!
Mike: Maybe it has, by now.
Tim Sackton: Probably, it has, I would say.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I guess.
Mike: Oh, it's 10 minutes, not 30 minutes, never mind, it's definitely a hate fame if it's 10 minutes.
Tim Sackton: That was a deal with thing.
Mike: As, as, like, you, you,
Mike: lift up the hatch. Like, as you're starting to lift up the hatch, you hear…
Mike: A sequence of noises come from this creature,
Mike: I don't even remember what languages all of you speak.
David S. Kong: I was gonna ask, can anybody read the runes that are written on its chest, or whatever?
Kate Sackton: Not in Dwarvish, Simbar, and Stoneborn, Sylvanors, and Coban, I'm out of luck.
Tim Sackton: Giant.
Tim Sackton: Old Zimkoven?
Mike: A giant picture. Interesting.
Mike: M… The runes remind you… You don't… the runes… remind you…
Mike: Of giant, although they don't actually spell any words.
Tim Sackton: But, sorry, does the hatch… does the trapdoor…
Tim Sackton: Is Justice able to lift it, or is it…
Mike: can lift the trapdoor. The very first thing you see when you lift the trapdoor is a sea of lightning. I'll explain what you see around the sea of lightning.
Audio shared by Mike: More clearly in a moment, but when you look down.
Mike: your very first impression is just crackling lightning around… all over the floor… of the next room. Like, just like…
Mike: this crackling… almost like a storm, like a lightning storm that's just been contained. Just on the floor, it's not in the…
Audio shared by Mike: It's, 30 feet down, and there's a couple of… again, I'll explain the whole room in a little bit more detail, in a minute, but your first impression is just crackling storm of lightning, at the bottom.
Mike: the…
Audio shared by Mike: The runes, you do hear the word, if you speak giant, as it is cycling through various words, none of which you understand.
Audio shared by Mike: One of them is Hello and Giant.
Audio shared by Mike: I…
Tim Sackton: I guess I'll turn cautiously and say… Ho-hello?
Audio shared by Mike: back in Giant.
Audio shared by Mike: Are you… Authorized?
Audio shared by Mike: It says in Giant.
Audio shared by Mike: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We'd be here if we weren't.
Kate Sackton: Even if you're Giants Limited, you must know how to say yes.
Tim Sackton: Britain will say, Yes, we are on an important mission.
Tim Sackton: Did the orcs come through? They were not authorized.
Mike: it says… unauthorized.
Mike: Agents.
Mike: Applied force without alignment.
Mike: it sort of stops for a minute, it's like, I… it's like the lights flicker. Expected outcome. Damage.
Mike: Observed outcome.
Mike: Damage.
Mike: Are you… It stops in the middle of the sentence.
Tim Sackton: So, Finan's been pretty nervous this whole time, and kinda hates weird magic, but…
Mike: Now that he has something to talk to, it's gonna…
Tim Sackton: Sort of walk forward a little bit, with his hands out kind of peacefully, and…
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna ask, basically, who are you, or where did you come from? Like, trying to…
Tim Sackton: Like, what it… like, who is this creature?
Tim Sackton: And then, leading up, just trying to get more information leading up to asking it to…
Tim Sackton: How we can assist.
Tim Sackton: dealing with the unauthorized orcs, which is what I'm going to.
Mike: Okay, so, so…
Tim Sackton: Potentially or not, interpret… Start with who are, you know, I'm not…
Tim Sackton: spell out… I'm not trying to roleplay exactly what Finnan says, but, like…
Tim Sackton: You know, this is what he does, this is what he's been doing for the past 30 years, is like…
Tim Sackton: figuring out who people are and getting them to tell them their stories. So I'm gonna treat this like a person, but I'm leading towards…
Tim Sackton: The unauthorized orcs.
Tim Sackton: seem to be causing trouble. How can we help, slash, how can you help us?
Mike: So, I mean, you start with… Who are you?
Mike: It says… verifying… And then just stops for a minute, and, like, the… the, room…
Mike: The, like, light in its…
Mike: Chest, like, floating that you can see through the torso, like, blinks more rapidly for a minute.
Mike: And then it turns to you and says,
Mike: Who… who are you? Are you authorized?
Tim Sackton: So I'm gonna be patient with the broken computer.
Tim Sackton: And…
Tim Sackton: you know… Yes, we're authorized.
Tim Sackton: The orcs were not. Just, like, repeat myself.
Tim Sackton: The orcs were not. We're chasing them.
Tim Sackton: They took something important that we must return, We're on a mission.
Tim Sackton: Who are you? How can, you know, how can we help?
Mike: I mean, it continues to sort of…
Mike: stutter a bit, where, like, it'll go back to this kind of, like, it'll pause in the middle,
Mike: It seems like questions about Yeah.
Mike: Who it is.
Mike: are particularly triggering to its broken… I mean, it clearly seems like
Mike: an automaton of some kind, right? Like, it doesn't… it's responding almost the same way to certain questions, right?
Mike: And… it… But when you ask, how can you… How can you help?
Mike: It says, adjustment… And repair is suspended while threat conditions persist.
Tim Sackton: Yes?
Tim Sackton: We know, and again, I'm just gonna, like, just be patient with its… clear brokenness.
Tim Sackton: There's lightning in the room below.
Mike: I mean, it seems to keep insisting that it says, repair functions do not operate while threat conditions persist.
Mike: Resolve threat condition.
schwartz: How do we resolve… how do we resolve the trick?
Tim Sackton: No matter how much I try to draw it out, it never is… You know, it's not…
Mike: what do you… I'm not sure what you're trying to draw it out.
Mike: towards.
Tim Sackton: how… what I said before, how either we can help it, or it can help us.
Mike: It's… it seems to think that telling you that
Mike: That repair protocols are suspended while threat conditions persist is telling you how it can help you.
Mike: It seems to think it's answering that question.
David S. Kong: Also, just aside, is this… is this, like, strange that we're interacting with a computer on Telgar? Is this, like, are there… are there other computers? Is this, like, a new thing? Like, are we, like…
Eric Rosenbaum: It's the… It's a Gollum automaton…
Mike: category.
Eric Rosenbaum: thing, I think.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay, okay.
Mike: Yeah, it's not like… it's not actually a metal computer, right? Like, it's clearly magic. It's, it's like the root… it's all this, like, runic magic that is… it actually feels almost like… I mean, it's repetitive almost in the way that, like, a…
Mike: contingency spell that's like, you know, if asked X, do Y kind of thing would be. Like, it feels algorithmic in a way, like, it's…
Mike: Like, you know, a really primitive…
Mike: AI that's been programmed specifically, in a way, like, it doesn't have that many responses. It's not like a person, right?
Mike: It's more like… Got it.
Mike: you know… It almost feels like, you know, old-school video game, where you, like.
Mike: Say something, and then it picks from its library of possible responses based on what you said.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah. No, I got it.
Tim Sackton: So I will go back and tell the group
Tim Sackton: you know, whatever this is is clearly broken. How many orcs supposedly came down here?
Mike: like…
Kate Sackton: Either one.
Tim Sackton: Something like 5?
Mike: Somewhere between, like, 6 and 8.
Mike: There's no dead orcs in this room.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So, I will tell everybody, this thing…
Tim Sackton: I don't know what it is, but… It's broken.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't seem like it is going to…
Tim Sackton: Imminently attack us, but neither does it seem like it is capable of explaining anything particularly useful about this place.
Tim Sackton: Which I am still not very happy to be in, so…
Tim Sackton: But then I'll look down at the trap door.
Tim Sackton: Like, is there any way, Pastel, is it…
Audio shared by Mike: Right, so let me describe that room in more detail.
Audio shared by Mike: when you…
Audio shared by Mike: So, when you walk down through the chap door, you see a, like, towering cylinder of stone nearly 30 feet high, so it's a large room, right? There are 6 immense columns of black metal that are rising from the floor.
Audio shared by Mike: each pair, so there's, like, two pairs… 3 pairs of two, right? Each pair goes up from the floor, and then bends
Audio shared by Mike: Towards each other, fuses together, and then flows out to the wall.
Audio shared by Mike: This… this looks to YOLO very similar to these three bulges that you saw emerging from the, like, bulges of this black metal.
Mike: Or black material.
Tim Sackton: Is that the second class?
Audio shared by Mike: Second to…
Tim Sackton: bottom room, or third from bottom room? I don't remember.
Mike: Second, so beneath this, there was an empty space where the cylinders continued, and then another room, which was the bottom room.
Mike: Second to bottom is the room that you're walking down into.
Mike: One of the… so, there are two…
Mike: circular walkways around the edge, right? And these trapdoors are basically dropping down, like.
Mike: there's, like, handholds in the wall, right? The trap doors are, like, the… the…
Mike: The trapdoors effectively come out at places where there's… the trapdoor you're walking down into
Mike: There's, like, a… a walkway that leads over to the… to the,
Mike: Edge of the room, and then…
Mike: Like, you can make your way down to the, circular walkway around the outside.
Mike: There's two circular walkways, one, close to the ceiling, one at, like, 25 feet, so it's close to the ceiling of the room, it's kind of constrained, and another 10 feet below that.
Mike: The one 10 feet below that is about at the same level as where these black tubes, black metal or black material things, move towards the wall, and the lightning is just below that.
Tim Sackton: Right? So basically, there's…
Mike: A walkway at 25 feet up.
Mike: A walkway at 15 feet up.
Mike: With hand towels on the wall to climb between them, and then this storm of lightning.
Mike: just underneath the walkway at 15 feet up. You can see one of the pairs of cylinders, one of the pairs of black thing, as it's grown where it's supposed to come together, it's cracked. So, like, just after it meets.
Mike: just below the walkway, just after it meets, there's, like… the whole thing is kind of shattered, and, like, there's a… there's…
Mike: it just… it ends, rather than going out to the wall, or there's a big crack in it. And right where the crack is, there's this knot,
Mike: Of much more intense lightning.
Mike: Right, so you can sort of see the lightning sort of… the storm all over the floor, and there's this spot where it's much more intense, kind of right near the,
Mike: Right near the clock. It's like… it's like, it's almost… it… it looks almost material… like, it… it,
Mike: It… it looks almost,
Mike: willful, right? Like, the knot is almost, like, moving around and, like.
Audio shared by Mike: It almost looks like, like.
Mike: It doesn't… it's not like a person.
Audio shared by Mike: But it's, like, moving around a little bit.
Audio shared by Mike: sort of.
Mike: At that crack, like, going a few feet in each direction, and, like, it's clearly the source of all the…
Tim Sackton: And there's no dead orcs in this room.
Audio shared by Mike: Beneath…
Audio shared by Mike: underneath, like, you can't… it's hard to… it's hard to, to see the floor clearly.
Audio shared by Mike: But… Sorry, I'll be too late.
Audio shared by Mike: Music.
Audio shared by Mike: There is… .
Mike: One… You do see on the ground, like, one…
Audio shared by Mike: blackened.
Mike: You see, like, one blackened body, like, like a…
Audio shared by Mike: Body of an arc, just like…
Audio shared by Mike: shot through like it was, like it was burned, from the inside. And you see, like, a few, like, weapons, like, like, fused, like, dropped like that.
Audio shared by Mike: Where, where… White… where, like, the storm is, like, crackling.
Mike: Around the weapon. Like, could the orcs pass through here?
Tim Sackton: There are exits.
Audio shared by Mike: Underneath the,
Audio shared by Mike: the… it… it… it… It looks like,
Audio shared by Mike: In the… so there's the six…
Audio shared by Mike: The 6 columns and 2 pairs that are kind of coming through the… coming through the room.
Audio shared by Mike: And it looks like the… the actual…
Audio shared by Mike: space around the columns is actually wider than the column itself, so, like, you could… it might be tough for… like, Justice might have to take off his armor, but you could sort of shimmy down the columns, it looks like.
Audio shared by Mike: But it's hard to see, because… like, these black columns are piercing the floor, right?
Mike: But it's hard to see, because the… it's hard to, like, tell very much of what's going on, because the lightning… because there's, like, a storm.
Audio shared by Mike: Right? It's like…
Tim Sackton: The… sorry.
Tim Sackton: YOLO saw these black columns, somehow.
Mike: the… Beneath… so, what Yolo saw is underneath.
Mike: there's a separation, right? Like, like…
Mike: The ceiling of the next section doesn't touch the floor of this section.
Mike: Right? It's just open to the air.
Tim Sackton: So, we… Wait, wait, wait, wait, so if we drop through the floor here, we'll be back outside?
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So why… why are we doing this? Go back up.
Tim Sackton: Get our platform down.
Mike: Actually, that's a good question. You could just do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just.
Tim Sackton: Why… why struggle with…
Eric Rosenbaum: Challenge.
Tim Sackton: I'm fentanyl, I mean, I'm gonna look specifically at YOLO and…
Audio shared by Mike: Bye.
Tim Sackton: There's… there's gotta be better things to do with our…
Tim Sackton: Then rush into a lightning storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that seems… that's… yeah, that could be… case.
schwartz: Is the lightning, like… somehow spilling out of the crack, I mean.
Mike: Yes. Is there a way to repair it, then?
schwartz: And find out more from the robot that's not a robot.
schwartz: About what's going on? I mean, what… what could we do to repair it?
schwartz: Ask justice.
Mike: I mean, are you… from… from where you're standing, you haven't even gone through… I assume you haven't even…
Mike: gone into the room yet, right? You're looking down through a hatch into the room. It's hard to see
Mike: what you could do to repair it from here. You could climb down.
Mike: there's this knot of lightning around this cracked conduit, right? So the black things look like some sort of conduit, right?
Mike: You could certainly… Walk over towards it, and…
Mike: I don't know, try and get rid of it?
Mike: You could try and repair the conduit, but it's surrounded by lightning.
Tim Sackton: I mean, do I have any…
Tim Sackton: Do I have any… I mean…
Tim Sackton: I've traveled a fair bit. Finan's traveled a fair bit.
Tim Sackton: I am… You know, studied a lot of history and some magic, like… Must have interacted with
Tim Sackton: Golems, or at least read about at some point, like…
Tim Sackton: My first gut reaction is, there's no way we could possibly repair this, but I'll spend a minute and I'll just think.
Tim Sackton: A little bit.
Tim Sackton: More to try and remember, you know, try and think if there's any…
Tim Sackton: Does anything come to mind from anything I've read? Any, like…
Mike: To repair.
Tim Sackton: This could be repaired.
Tim Sackton: what's the… the… what…
Mike: conduit that justice is asking about.
Audio shared by Mike: I mean… .
Mike: how you would repair a… I mean, you don't even know what the material, what this black material is.
Audio shared by Mike: Right?
Audio shared by Mike: you know, it could be as simple as… I mean, it looks cracked, it could be as simple as, well, what if you just…
Audio shared by Mike: Patch it.
Audio shared by Mike: You have no idea what repairing the conduit means. The problem is.
Audio shared by Mike: There's this crack, and it's surrounded by this ball of lightning, right?
Audio shared by Mike: So… repairing it.
Audio shared by Mike: I mean, if you had the material… like, I don't know what… I don't know what repairing it…
Audio shared by Mike: I mean, fit in when… there's nothing you… But the lightning doesn't look…
Mike: natural, right? Like, it would look to you like some…
Audio shared by Mike: It actually looks the most similar to the lightning you saw recently in the gash in the wall, in the,
Audio shared by Mike: Melissa.
Tim Sackton: If nothing… if there's nothing obvious, I mean, if there's nothing that comes to mind, I'm gonna encourage everybody, let's just go back up. Ready?
Audio shared by Mike: It is…
Tim Sackton: turn to justice and just be like.
Mike: Do you agree?
Tim Sackton: for where to start? Like…
Audio shared by Mike: I guess what I'm trying to say is it would be very difficult to understand anything about this conduit without inspecting it and getting closer and looking at it. Like, you would have no idea how to start guessing what to do, looking at it from
Audio shared by Mike: 40 feet away, while it's surrounded by a lightning elemental of some kind.
Tim Sackton: What I'm asking is, from a, like, meta perspective, like…
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Have I ever read anything about some, like, random low-level adventurers fixing a magical conduit? Like, is this a hopeless task, or is there some reason to believe that this could be done
Tim Sackton: It's not like we have Seeker with us, right? I mean, this is my point. Finan's initial attitude is complete pointless to even think about attempting it. Is there any… like, is there any reason to believe it's not totally pointless, is what I'm asking.
schwartz: Well, at least justice will say, you know, there was this one village I went to years ago where the water wheel was broken.
schwartz: I don't actually understand how water wheels work, or… or why, but what I know is I gave it one good kick, and the thing started running again, and…
Audio shared by Mike: And that makes me think, like.
schwartz: YOLO, it'd be pretty easy to go down there and take a look. Why not… why not go take a look? When are you gonna get the chance again?
Eric Rosenbaum: Air point! Let's go take a look.
schwartz: Well, and by lets, I mean you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look.
Tim Sackton: I…
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, my luck's good.
Tim Sackton: I'm nervous about this. We're here to… we're here to kill orcs.
Tim Sackton: Right? You get the rock out. I mean…
Tim Sackton: and get the rock back, right? We're here to help ECHO's… Mentor, I…
Kate Sackton: Wait, we haven't seen this large rock that they stole?
Kate Sackton: Like, have they been squeezing it through and carrying it down tiny.
Mike: It's not huge, I mean, it's only, like…
Audio shared by Mike: It's only, like… this day.
Tim Sackton: There's something weird about these orcs, so… That's a whole nother…
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't even…
schwartz: We put…
Eric Rosenbaum: Are they around here somehow? Like, how would we know?
schwartz: Where are they? Like, there's nowhere left to go, we got to the bottom, and 4 or 5 of them are.
Tim Sackton: No, there's one more. If we go back out, and we grab our floating rock and pull it down, there's one more room at the bottom.
Kate Sackton: We don't know how they made it through the lightning to, like, shimmy down the black Geek.
Mike: Wow, there's a…
Kate Sackton: poems.
Mike: there's.
Tim Sackton: Finn is… Finn is not concerned about that, you know.
Tim Sackton: Clearly, some, you know, one of them didn't, there's a dead body, some of them probably did.
Kate Sackton: Right, so if we go the way they went, we'll fine them. Or we can go our own way, which seems safer, the way that you're proposing.
Kate Sackton: Just out and back around.
Mike: None of you have gone into the room yet, right?
Tim Sackton: No. No.
Audio shared by Mike: the…
Mike: Automaton is sort of…
Audio shared by Mike: is now sort of walked over and is kind of right next to you, staring at you. It doesn't say anything.
Audio shared by Mike: But it's standing right next to you.
Tim Sackton: Kind of just make the… Finn will just say to everybody, look, we're…
Tim Sackton: Our goal here is not to fix this mechanism.
Tim Sackton: Our goal is to help Adracus. If… if he… if we find the piece that he needs and he repairs it, maybe he can tell us more about what's going on here, but I am very nervous about…
Tim Sackton: This whole situation, like, this doesn't…
Tim Sackton: everything I've ever heard of, you know, strange planar magic is dangerous, so I propose we go the safe route, go back up quickly, the automaton is looking at us a bit worryingly.
Mike: Do you… Intend to eliminate the threat?
Audio shared by Mike: It says…
Eric Rosenbaum: YOLO pats the robot on the head. We'll figure it out. Pat, pat, pat.
Kate Sackton: It doesn't understand you.
schwartz: Yes, there's justice to the robot. And then defendant.
schwartz: So we go all the way out, we take the rock, and there's another way in to the bottom layer to find the orc.
Tim Sackton: I mean, the way out of this room goes into the air, so…
Tim Sackton: If the orcs are in the bottom room, there must be a way from the roof of the bottom room into the room.
Audio shared by Mike: Alright, listen.
schwartz: Good.
Tim Sackton: I'll tell the… I'll tell the golem creature… We're gonna fix it.
Tim Sackton: And then I'll… Head up the rope back to the room above us.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay, so you go back up to the… the…
Audio shared by Mike: the… the top room. How are you getting up? The… I don't know, you left the rope. The rope…
Mike: Where you climbed, you left it tied.
Tim Sackton: They still have our rope.
Audio shared by Mike: Oh my god.
Mike: Make a… make everybody who's trying to climb up that rope make a strength check.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna hopefully hitch a ride with Echo again.
Mike: Flying up is much harder than flying down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm… So I'll try the rope. I'll make a strength check.
David S. Kong: No, don't do the road.
Mike: No, you guys have decided not to try and get to the lightning, and you're all just climbing back up the road.
schwartz: No, justice is not… justice rolled a 1.
schwartz: Gravity is not Justice's friend.
Mike: No, Justin's just… it's like, you know, it's like in elementary school, when you had to climb up to the top of the rope, and you just couldn't do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm…
Mike: Justice gets, like, part of the way up and just slides back down.
Tim Sackton: How… how far up is it to the top?
Mike: It's like… 20… I mean, it's far, it's like 20 feet.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna…
Mike: It's a real…
Tim Sackton: app.
schwartz: While we're figuring this out, why don't… why don't you just go take a quick look?
Mike: Are you gonna miss these up before anybody else has figured out the way out, or are you gonna wait until everybody else has figured out the way out?
Tim Sackton: I'll… I'll wait.
Kate Sackton: I rolled a 12 on my strength check. I'm gonna try to climb the stupid rope.
Audio shared by Mike: Dad.
Audio shared by Mike: 12, you can…
Audio shared by Mike: you can get… that's, like, actually…
Audio shared by Mike: It's… it's really hard, like, 12 is…
Audio shared by Mike: You're, like, tired, you could push through.
Mike: But it might leave you worn out, or you could just give up and slide back down.
Tim Sackton: Just try again.
Mike: God…
Kate Sackton: What do you mean?
Mike: Wow, so…
Tim Sackton: I don't know what he means.
Tim Sackton: I'm just saying, don't take a level of exhaustion that's really punishing.
Audio shared by Mike: Wow, you get a save before you take it. Do you want to give up and go back down to the ground, or do you want to.
Mike: Goodbye.
Kate Sackton: I, like, wait for a couple more people to try, and then try again? Do I get a different role? Like, does that have…
Mike: I mean…
Kate Sackton: Kind of the mechanics work of…
Audio shared by Mike: the… the… I… I don't… I'm not… Yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: Let me think how the mechanics should work here. I'm gonna propose that… If you…
Mike: you can't just keep trying forever, right? Like… Each time…
Mike: Each time you try to get after a failure.
Mike: You have a chance of getting a level of exhaustion.
Mike: So if you want to keep trying, you can, but if you keep failing, then you're gonna… you're gonna wear yourself out and be in trouble.
Tim Sackton: Can't you levitate?
Audio shared by Mike: Or you could short rest.
Audio shared by Mike: Short rest would reset it.
Mike: Although whether a short rest is safe is unclear.
Mike: You can levitate.
Kate Sackton: I mean… I have, like, 2 charges of levitation in my cloak.
Audio shared by Mike: I don't have, like, infinite power to levitate.
Audio shared by Mike: I don't know if…
Kate Sackton: If everybody else is gonna fail, and I, like, levitate, and I'm the only one who's gone, like…
Mike: So, Kate, you can… you can…
Audio shared by Mike: the… The DC was 13.
Mike: But if you want to try and push through and turn a failure into a success, you can.
Audio shared by Mike: But you'll have to make a con save, and if you fail the con save, you'll get a level of exhaustion.
Audio shared by Mike: Which is bad.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: But also…
schwartz: What's the downside to the party of YOLO just going down and investigating?
Kate Sackton: If he gets trapped and we have to rescue him, and then we're… our decision is made for us.
Mike: Investigating the lightning?
Kate Sackton: shipping.
Tim Sackton: Just… just… if you don't want to use… if you don't want to use levitate, just cast Jump. You can jump 30 feet.
Kate Sackton: I can't jump 30 feet straight up. I could have jumped down.
Kate Sackton: hurting myself.
Tim Sackton: That's literally what the spell says, you can jump up to 30 feet by spending 10 feet of movement.
Eric Rosenbaum: This point about what would happen if I got stuck down there is really clarifying for me, because…
Eric Rosenbaum: That's definitely not gonna happen.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, YOLO.
Eric Rosenbaum: Jumps down to investigate.
Mike: But you're gonna go down instead of back up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Mike: Okay. To the… to the Rome with the Lightning elemental.
Eric Rosenbaum: to the… This is a good idea. To the room with the lightning elemental, yes.
Mike: Hey, dope.
Eric Rosenbaum: out.
Mike: You're standing on a… I mean, there's a… there's a walkway. How close to this thing are you getting?
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's… well, let's just do a quick calculation. I'm, roughly… just… I'm over half hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: More than half.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not… not close. Not that close.
Mike: I mean, you can see… you can see this…
Mike: As you get a little closer, like, there's, again, there's two walkways around the edge of the room.
Mike: So, one high up, like, 25 feet up from the floor, one in the middle, which is, like, 2 feet above the… like, one… kind of equal to where the lightning is. It's just above it, right? You can clearly see as you come a little bit closer, like, this…
Mike: not… Of this, like, ball of, like, twisting… crackling energy.
Mike: is right where one of the conduit… right where the broken conduit is, and it's clearly the… I mean, it very much looks like the source of the whole thing, like this… this,
Mike: And every, like… other…
David S. Kong: Asian.
Mike: But, I mean, you can't… it seems to have a… it seems to have a coherence to it, right? Like, it…
Mike: I don't know if you've ever fought an elemental.
Mike: you probably haven't. You don't really know what elementals look like, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know what targets look like, though.
Mike: It… it… it looks like something you could hit.
Mike: Let me put it that way.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I'm gonna shoot it, everybody. Just stay up there.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Well, why not?
Tim Sackton: Well, what makes you think that killing it's gonna accomplish anything?
Eric Rosenbaum: What could possibly go wrong, though? That's the question.
Tim Sackton: It could shoot you with lightning.
Kate Sackton: Well, there's only one way to find out, that's my point. But we're on its side, it's trying to repair the old mechanisms of the cavern, and so is…
Mike: There's nothing about this that looks like it's trying to repair anything.
Tim Sackton: But we have no idea what's going on, so…
Audio shared by Mike: That… that… the…
Kate Sackton: Okay, the way you.
Mike: This right…
Kate Sackton: It sounded very much like it was trying to repair it, like it was, like, trying to figure out what hurt me, and how can I heal, was the…
Mike: Goodbye.
Kate Sackton: I got…
Eric Rosenbaum: eating?
Kate Sackton: Yeah, that's the vibe I got from the…
Mike: The lightning looks…
Audio shared by Mike: The lightning looks… that's a very incorrect vibe.
Audio shared by Mike: That, that.
Mike: Lightning looks angry and out of place.
Audio shared by Mike: Good day.
Eric Rosenbaum: YOLO draws both his crossbows.
David S. Kong: Grows bead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thinks about it for a second.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dies deeply, flies back up.
David S. Kong: What!
schwartz: That's probably… yeah, that…
David S. Kong: So out of care.
schwartz: That seems wise.
David S. Kong: What?
Kate Sackton: Alright, so we're flying up, jumping up, whatevering up.
Audio shared by Mike: Yep.
David S. Kong: I'm disappointed.
Kate Sackton: I'm… I'm jumping up.
Kate Sackton: I brush myself off after being exhausted from that climb and say, there's a different way to do this, and I cast Jump.
Mike: So you're not gonna try it, you're just gonna… you're just gonna… Jump up.
Kate Sackton: Apparently, up is the direction I can jump.
Mike: If you cast the jump spell, you can jump off.
Kate Sackton: what I do.
Mike: Anybody else? What are you doing?
Tim Sackton: I'm misty stepping.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna die.
schwartz: again.
Mike: I'll try again, okay?
Kate Sackton: Oh, wait.
Kate Sackton: Well, nevermind.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you could pass John…
Kate Sackton: He could cast it on justice if he wants.
Tim Sackton: And then you could levitate. Or you could use two first level slots.
schwartz: Yeah.
Mike: What choice?
Audio shared by Mike: Just…
schwartz: Just as this pride is way too much to allow you to do that.
Tim Sackton: So it's a 15…
schwartz: on the second attempt.
Mike: Okay, make a con safe?
Kate Sackton: Yeah, it does have to be a willing creature.
Tim Sackton: Before… I'm gonna call down some inspiration while you're climbing up, hopefully catching before the con safe.
schwartz: Yeah, give me just a sec.
Mike: What are YOLO and Echo doing?
David S. Kong: Echo's flying.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, flying.
schwartz: How's… how's the 7 on a con save? Is that… is that good? Is that bad?
Audio shared by Mike: It's not great, no.
schwartz: Yeah, huh.
schwartz: Huh.
Tim Sackton: Inspiration.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah, what's.
Mike: wet your diet?
Tim Sackton: 58.
schwartz: Does, huh, yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: What'd you all on that D8?
schwartz: That's a… I mean, that's a fix! That's pretty good for a D8.
schwartz: Gets me up to a 13, I mean, that's… that's, like, solidly good.
Audio shared by Mike: So, you take a level of exhaustion.
Audio shared by Mike: Flyers?
Audio shared by Mike: make strength checks.
David S. Kong: Can somebody.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
David S. Kong: I need to restart my computer, my computer is, like, glitching like a motherfucker. Can somebody roll for me?
David S. Kong: Actually, let me ask… Let me see, who should roll for me?
David S. Kong: Tim. Tim, can you roll for me?
Mike: Echo Strength is minus 1.
Tim Sackton: sex.
David S. Kong: Janice chose poorly.
David S. Kong: That's Kate.
Mike: You, like, just… you, like, beat your way up, but you just can't.
Mike: you're stuck. Now, you could turn into a… if you turn into a polar bear, you could just jump up.
David S. Kong: Oh, let me do that. Yeah, 100%. I actually haven't turned into a polar bear yet. I'm gonna tell him to turn into a polar bear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike: You could do that, you could certainly turn into… because remember, your magic item lets you
Mike: Have the effect of the jump spell if you turn into a large creature.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let me do that.
Mike: Okay. So instead of trying to… you fail, you fall back to the ground, instead of trying again, you just jump.
Mike: Echo, YOLO, you're okay. So you guys are all now back at the very first room, where we started.
Mike: And… now what are you doing?
Tim Sackton: So let's push the floating rock over to the…
Tim Sackton: Down to the level where the… Metal rods come out.
Mike: How are you getting up to the floating rock?
Kate Sackton: Flying people are flying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Flying the rope up, and…
Tim Sackton: Flying person flies up and ties the rope, and then… we climb.
Mike: It's still heavy gravity, it's less bad than it was before.
Audio shared by Mike: It's less distance, it's half the distance as before, but it's still pretty tough going to climb up.
Kate Sackton: One of them will succeed.
Audio shared by Mike: Flying, so everybody who's trying to fly out, make a strength safe, make a strength check.
Mike: It's easier than before.
Eric Rosenbaum: 18.
Mike: You're fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now that it's not after death, I'm rolling just fine.
Mike: If you're straight… if you're climbing up the rope, make strength checks.
Mike: It's easier.
Audio shared by Mike: But it's not…
Audio shared by Mike: It's not, it's not, if it's not automatic success.
Kate Sackton: This all didn't happen within one minute, I couldn't have just jumped up twice.
Tim Sackton: You guys should be able to jump up.
Mike: No, no, you can jump up twice. Yeah, the jump spell lasts for a minute, you can jump up twice. It's only Justice, actually, and Finn.
Tim Sackton: I rolled a 10.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think Justice looks up at that rope, and looks down at himself, and looks up at the rope.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It says, you… you said something about a jump spell?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe a spell that might help me jump?
Kate Sackton: But before I jump, I… I, cast, jump on Finan, too.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: Then it jumps.
Kate Sackton: Gladly.
Mike: Guys…
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike: We're all back.
Tim Sackton: jumps.
Mike: Justice jumps. You're all back at the floating rock.
Mike: Which you now, what, drag around to the bottom?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: Okay,
Mike: not really visible clearly until you land and walk around. But there's one last…
Mike: There's one last hatch.
Mike: in the… This is a much larger platform, it's about…
Mike: much larger section, right? These three… six black… black metal… I mean, you could walk right up to the black metal if you want, if you want to investigate this black substance.
Mike: But, the…
Mike: Hold on, the 6… There's a…
Mike: Hold on a second.
Mike: the…
Mike: So these 6 pillars pierce the… you could see, like, looking up, you could actually see there's, like.
Mike: where these six pillars go up, there's, like…
Mike: Like, almost like a crawl space around each one.
Mike: And you could actually see, like, a little…
Mike: Handholds at the top, like, little handholds in this black pillar, almost like…
Mike: you could climb up or down. I mean, the lightning is up there, but it's almost like a pathway that you could climb up or down. And then at the bottom of this,
Mike: on the…
Mike: roof, right, like, of the final section, which is a much larger section. These six pillars pierce it, right, and then
Mike: keep going, like, they go through the roof, and then… but there's a large,
Mike: metal hatch, like, again, what are these other metal trap doors? Like, large, like, 10 by 10.
Mike: In the… in the roof.
Tim Sackton: Let's open the hatch.
Mike: that is blank.
Mike: So wait, you open the hatch, and you can see down, into…
Mike: Into a large, like, a large… open space. Sorry, it,
Mike: into a large open space. It's about hundreds of feet long, like 300 feet long. The…
Mike: It looks kind of.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: It's 300 feet long on the outside, too?
Mike: Yeah, it's big, maybe not quite 300, but it's a big space on the outside. It's bigger than… it's significantly bigger than the rest of the structure.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: yeah.
Tim Sackton: 300 feet is, like, more than twice as long as it is tall.
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Probably 3 times as long as it is tall as that.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, it's.
Tim Sackton: What was the last day?
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, like, 200… it's probably, like, 200 feet about this way. It's probably about…
Mike: So, dead.
Mike: The entire set… the whole thing, it's like… and then there's this big…
Mike: Yeah, I guess, like, before I said it was, like, a tower, this is much bigger at the bottom. There's a bigger section at the bottom. Yeah, I misspoke earlier.
Mike: Or I… or I forgot to double-check my notes. The…
Mike: you can see, like, there's just, like, debris, like, the whole… the whole space looks trashed, right? Like…
Mike: it doesn't look… There's, like, cracked stone…
Mike: things on the ground. There's, like, you know,
Mike: sort of… rubble here and there.
Mike: Kind of looks like maybe what used to be pillars that have been smashed or something like that. None of the, like.
Mike: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Did Mike's audio go out for everyone else?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, Mike, we couldn't hear you for a sec.
Mike: Okay, can you hear me now?
Mike: So, there's, none of the, like, crystalline, runic structure that you saw above. This is just, like, stone rubble, kind of.
Mike: scattered and irregular lumps across this… across this structure. The only… Interesting…
Mike: sort of unique feature is these… these six pillars that pierce down through the floor into… there's this, like.
Mike: lump at the bottom, right? Like, some large…
Mike: structure made of this large thing made of this black metal that Yolo saw on the outside. This, but then you can… you can see, I mean, it's… it's…
Tim Sackton: Inside, or is it dark?
Mike: I was about to say, there's some… Bits of, like… glowing light.
Mike: Flickers here and there, like, on the ground. Like, almost like if you had…
Mike: a number of, like, continual light… I mean, they're clearly, like, magical lights, right? Like, if you had had… imagine you had a whole bunch of pillars all set with continual lights, and somebody smashed the pillars and didn't care where the continual light glows rolled.
Mike: Right? So there's, like, these scattered blobs of light around the ground. And you can… you can hear… there's also, you can… you can see…
Mike: Maybe 100 feet away, A, like, blue crackling white.
Mike: Of a… Orc that seems to be engulfed in lightning.
Mike: And you can hear… noises, of, like, orcs arguing.
Mike: In the opposite direction from the arc engulfed in lightning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that too, bro.
Tim Sackton: Anybody speak orcish?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm confident I could learn quickly if I had to.
Kate Sackton: You're muted, justice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, no, sorry, talking to a kid.
Kate Sackton: Oh, heh, okay.
Kate Sackton: So… Run towards the fighting armor.
Tim Sackton: That's exciting.
Kate Sackton: by surprise.
Tim Sackton: We're here to kill orcs, so let's kill some orcs.
Kate Sackton: We don't speak Orkish, we can't ask some questions.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do orcs tend to speak other languages, or…
Kate Sackton: We can…
Mike: I don't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): get there.
Mike: Tim, do orcs tend to speak other languages?
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: Well, I mean, presuming these are standard orcs.
Eric Rosenbaum: One of them is shrouded in lightning, so that doesn't seem very standard.
Mike: You can't…
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Mike: the other ones massively, clearly. Yeah, let's…
Tim Sackton: Take on the bigger group first.
David S. Kong: Like, shrouded, like, a shield, or, like, a cloak, or, like…
Mike: It's almost like lightning is just coming, like, sparking out of their body.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like mentor.
David S. Kong: There, or doesn't want it there?
Mike: I mean…
Mike: in a brief look, you can't really tell. You're like, open the trapdoor and you're peering down before something happens, right? You don't… you don't… you can't tell if it wants it there.
Tim Sackton: YOLO.
Tim Sackton: This is your moment.
Tim Sackton: Jump in and shoot.
Mike: I…
Eric Rosenbaum: Kai's mentor once said, Dude first.
Mike: Ask questions later.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: There's a…
Mike: I do have a… I'm just gonna put a link in the Zoom chat…
Eric Rosenbaum: to the picture of the aftermath once, YOLO.
Mike: to… To the mask.
Mike: Unfortunately, it's not… I didn't make a map, and this map is not nearly big enough.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It says, please wait for your DM to start the game session.
Mike: Hell yeah.
Mike: Now, it should be good.
Eric Rosenbaum: I, repair two of my metal-seeking shots and jump into.
Audio shared by Mike: died.
Tim Sackton: So wait, how far away from them are we?
Audio shared by Mike: you're about…
Mike: 60 feet from the lightning guy, and about 40 feet from the other group.
Tim Sackton: And how many are in the other group?
Mike: Five.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so I will say to everybody, if you can…
Tim Sackton: hold off a minute before we close on them. I might be able to,
Tim Sackton: Knock some of them out.
Tim Sackton: Or if I can switch with initiative, one of you has alert, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I think I have that thing that lets me swap.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I? Let's see.
Kate Sackton: Might also.
Eric Rosenbaum: alert, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Several of you have alert.
Audio shared by Mike: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, it… you just need to go first, not…
Tim Sackton: Hold things up. I need to go before anybody else closes it, before anybody gets within 30 feet of the group.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, let's do it.
Tim Sackton: Then, before anybody gets within 15 feet of the group.
Mike: So… yeah, this map is way too small.
Mike: It might be easy, let me, you know what, let me, sorry.
Audio shared by Mike: I…
Audio shared by Mike: naively assumed that there would be some sort of map automatically on here. Can I change the size of this?
Kate Sackton: You know, I just add a factor and say all the squares are…
Mike: Wow, but it's really confusing without tokens, hold on a second, I think I can do this wrong quickly.
Mike: I can do the stupidest thing in the world. I'll take a screenshot of this map.
Audio shared by Mike: Then I'll save it.
Mike: Then I'll upload the screenshot as a new map.
Mike: And…
Tim Sackton: How far… how far away do you need to be Eric, to shoot them.
Audio shared by Mike: For… for yellow.
Audio shared by Mike: I know Justice probably wants to be in Melee, although you've got a minus 2 to everything, so…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, okay.
Audio shared by Mike: Perfect accuracy at any distance.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Your guardians will help.
Tim Sackton: Spirit Guardians does damage without having to do anything, yeah.
Mike: Okay, that's…
Eric Rosenbaum: Great.
Mike: You should see a better… I can make this… the background is bad, but we can…
Mike: The scale should be better. That's fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: 30 feet is my range.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So where are we?
Mike: So, if…
Mike: you're, like, 40 feet to the group, so I'll put drain right there, and then this is, like, the…
Mike: The group, there's, like, a group of…
Mike: So if you just zoom in, it's, like, easier to see if you zoom in to about 300%.
Mike: and then… so there's, like, a group that's arguing.
Mike: And then there's a couple, like, out in front of them that are, like, look like they're…
Audio shared by Mike: Oh, that's…
David S. Kong: What nav are we in?
David S. Kong: In Roll 20?
Mike: We're not in Roll20, it's in D&D Beyond. I put a link in the Zoom chat.
David S. Kong: Oh, oh, sorry, sorry, I missed it.
Mike: It was okay.
David S. Kong: Okay, cool.
Mike: Okay, so you should be… this should be right now, you're…
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: when you drop down, this is, like, 35 to 40 feet to this group of orcs. There's basically…
Mike: 3 of them that are kind of in a more a guard position, and then 3 of the… 4 of them that are arguing. Or 3 of them that are arguing.
Mike: Wait, 1, 2, 3, yeah, that's correct. Yeah. And then there is…
Mike: This other, the one covered in lightning is off the map.
Mike: to… It's, like, it's 70… that one's 70 feet in the other direction, so it's off the map currently.
Mike: But role initiative.
Tim Sackton: 8.
Kate Sackton: 23?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What? It's been an 8.
Mike: Okay, yeah, yellow and echo?
Eric Rosenbaum: I had, what, 4… 14.
Mike: Oh, okay, it took the… if you all rolled in D&D Beyond, it seems to have just taken them, so…
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever.
Kate Sackton: and switch was spinning it.
Tim Sackton: Your mind drain?
Tim Sackton: I'll take the 23, Drayne's taking the… 8.
David S. Kong: They are a rolling initiative, let's what's happening?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: initiative.
David S. Kong: 22.
Tim Sackton: So, switch… switch me and Drain.
Mike: Been in…
David S. Kong: I rolled a coin, too.
Mike: -Oh, how do I…
Mike: I don't know how to switch you. D&D Beyond is not very…
Tim Sackton: Well, there's… there's nothing we can do.
Mike: I know. We can all just…
Kate Sackton: remember that.
Tim Sackton: We can just remember.
Mike: Not at all.
Kate Sackton: term.
Mike: And, wait, hold on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Switch your, character photos, and then.
Mike: No, no, no, no, sorry, Drain was at… so, Finn was at 23.
Tim Sackton: Brain is an 8.
Mike: Yolo and Echo were both 14s, and shorts.
David S. Kong: No, no, no, Echo's got a 22.
Mike: Echo is a 22. What were you, Schwartz?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think that was the 13?
Mike: 13… it was like… it was two 14s, maybe you were a 14 also.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 14, yeah.
Mike: Okay, fixed.
Tim Sackton: Huh.
Mike: Sorry about that.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So, as we see the orcs arguing, And… Frenin takes advantage of.
Mike: I mean…
Tim Sackton: I was gonna say, as soon as you start to drop down, you hear the guards yelling at, like, you're not…
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: surprise, but yes.
Tim Sackton: I know, but I'm taking advantage of Durane's alertness to get the drop on them, and I am going to drop a hypnotic pattern
Tim Sackton: on… Oops. It's a 30-foot cube.
Tim Sackton: on… All of those, unless… I don't know, that probably doesn't get…
Tim Sackton: the conduit D at the bottom.
Mike: It's 2, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So I'm just gonna get those 5. So you see this Finnen,
Tim Sackton: Takes out his little, ocarina clay pipe and… and,
Tim Sackton: Blows a sort of haunting tune on it, and you see this…
Tim Sackton: wildly distorting light flash on top of the orcs, and everybody except Conduit D has to make a DC-15 wisdom saving throw.
Audio shared by Mike: What if they… what if they fail?
Tim Sackton: If they fail, they are charmed.
Tim Sackton: Well-charmed, they're incapacitated and have a speed of zero.
Tim Sackton: The spell ends for an affected creature if it takes any damage, or if somebody else uses an action to shake the creature out of its stupor.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay, and he said, wisdom?
Tim Sackton: DC-15 wisdom saving throw.
Audio shared by Mike: So…
Audio shared by Mike: All of that, let's see, can I…
Audio shared by Mike: So as this spell comes flying, as this, like, pattern.
Mike: Up here. So, first of all, you can see…
Mike: the ones that are called con… I don't… I just picked random orcs, so ignore the conduit or whatever, but you can see that…
Audio shared by Mike: This one that's called God Color is like… you would probably recognize Tharks, I forget what… Tharks.
Audio shared by Mike: Holy symbol is. But, it's, like, covered in… in…
Mike: white.
Mike: markings of… of Thark, right? Like, it's clearly a… Religious.
Audio shared by Mike: It's, like, clearly sort of a religious,
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah, has a lot of dark vibes to them.
Mike: the…
Mike: the ones that say Conduit have…
Audio shared by Mike: axes and javelins, and the one that says Rampart is bigger than the others, has a spear and a one-handed axe.
Mike: These three…
Audio shared by Mike: That are circled, all failed their save.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so I'll tell everybody,
Tim Sackton: Hit the ones that aren't in a stupor.
Audio shared by Mike: Hold on, and as you cast the spell.
Mike: You… you feel, like, a… a scream, like a… like a searing…
Audio shared by Mike: Anger in your mind, and you take 3 points of psychic damage.
Audio shared by Mike: Ron?
David S. Kong: Who takes the second admission?
Mike: Saying it does. It seems to be a reaction to casting, like, like… it's like a… it's like a orcish curse, is what it… I mean, you assume it's a curse.
Mike: It's like an angry marker scream in your mind.
Tim Sackton: Is this… After the spell takes effect, or while I'm casting the spell.
Tim Sackton: After all, concentration check.
Mike: No, you do not.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And then I will retreat a little bit.
Tim Sackton: How far away is the lightning work?
Mike: 70 feet… 30 feet from the edge of the map.
Mike: Yeah, the squares are a little confusing, so you just kind of have to approximate movement, but…
Tim Sackton: Got it. I'm gonna go… 30 feet this way.
Tim Sackton: And that ends my turn.
Mike: So you're, like, still 70 feet from the…
Audio shared by Mike: Alright, next, Echo, you're up.
Tim Sackton: Get the ones who are not in a stupor.
David S. Kong: Alright, well, Echo's still a polar bear.
Audio shared by Mike: And…
David S. Kong: going to, sorry, it's not stupor in pink, or not pink?
Mike: The pinks are the ones in the super.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: This echo will move over here.
David S. Kong: And…
Mike: What's your speed as a polar bear?
David S. Kong: So, we felt it.
David S. Kong: It is… 40 feet?
Tim Sackton: you can… But you can move 60 feet, because 10 feet of movement No, you can…
Mike: Jump, right? You have to jump.
Tim Sackton: 30 feet, and then you move.
Mike: So, your first move is basically jumping 30 feet, right? And then you run the extra 10 feet to be, right next to this guy.
David S. Kong: And, I will… Do a bite attack, and then a clot back.
David S. Kong: That is huge.
Mike: Yeah, let's take Echo out. Yep, polar bear, yeah.
David S. Kong: or… Let me roll 2d20 plus 7.
David S. Kong: Aw, man.
David S. Kong: Wait.
David S. Kong: Wait, I rolled a… I rolled a 14 and an 11.
Mike: 11 misses, 14 hits.
Tim Sackton: Is that with your… with your Plus, or just straight…
David S. Kong: That's with a plug.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I rolled a… I rolled a 4 and a… and a, 7, yeah.
David S. Kong: Okay, so that is… 2d6 plus 5.
Audio shared by Mike: Hold on…
David S. Kong: Wait a second here…
Mike: Oh, you're next. Wow.
Audio shared by Mike: One of the orcs?
Mike: Just… Stairs into space.
David S. Kong: 13 damage.
Mike: 13, you said? Okay. 13, yeah. So wait, you can't… if you're… the ones who are…
Mike: They can't take any actions, right?
Tim Sackton: They're in… they have the incapacitated condition.
Mike: And a speed of zero, so no…
Tim Sackton: speed of zero, so they can't do anything.
Audio shared by Mike: So, it does nothing, YOLO Europe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I'm just trying to remember how all this works. I have, like, so many attacks I can make. Well, anyway, I shoot with my crossbow, right?
Mike: You can make…
Audio shared by Mike: Your basic thing is you get two attacks because you're a fighter.
Mike: It's a bonus action.
Audio shared by Mike: To take a third attack.
Audio shared by Mike: With…
Mike: crossbows, since you have both crossbows.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right. And then I…
Tim Sackton: Let's get a little closer first.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, yeah, because I need to be 30 feet.
Audio shared by Mike: The… the ones who are labeled Conduit are wearing…
Mike: Hyde Arbor?
Audio shared by Mike: The ones who are labeled Rampart or God color are wearing forms of metal armor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's see… Oh, Metal Armory's head?
Mike: Yeah, the what… the Rampart and God color, the God color's wearing half… wearing half plate.
Audio shared by Mike: Or actually, he was wearing plate armor.
Mike: And the rampart is wearing, but…
Audio shared by Mike: change.
Tim Sackton: Even though you're giving up the plus 2, you're still better off trying to take out that conduit first.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I have to, like…
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Work around the polar bear location to not… to get a clear shot.
Mike: Shit up.
Kate Sackton: conduit.
Tim Sackton: Where did you… you should… You should try and end up somewhere like here.
Tim Sackton: So if you started here.
Mike: We can't see what you're…
Kate Sackton: I don't know what you're hearing, Tim.
Kate Sackton: There.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like there.
Tim Sackton: You wanna go… you wanna be, like, here.
Eric Rosenbaum: there, huh?
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so I'll take a shot at D, first of all.
Mike: Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a 12 to hit.
Mike: 12 misses.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so I don't… this is without the bonus, because they not got the metal armor, okay.
Mike: Because it does not have metal armor, correct?
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, second shot at D is a 24. That's better.
Mike: heads.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I just have the regular damage.
Mike: It still does extra 1v4 damage, and 1v4 slashing damage, even if it's not metal armor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so that's 7… Plus… let me roll the 1D4.
Mike: You don't have that many hit points, Eric, I didn't… you're pretty badly hurt.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm fine, what are you talking about?
Mike: Yeah, so it's 1D6 plus 1D4 plus 4.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I rolled a 1 on the 1D4.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't remember what the previous part of the roll was.
Mike: You rolled a 7 on regular crossbow damage, so that's 8 total.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, and now I have a third attack.
Mike: the crossbow, the first bolt goes wide, the second bolt slams into his shoulder, this arc reels back, like…
Audio shared by Mike: Between the tear and the bolt sticking out of his shoulder, he looks badly hurt.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'll take.
Tim Sackton: And remember that… Because you hit it, Vex triggers, so now you have advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, third attack with advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: First roll is a 23, so that seems good.
Mike: head, yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then…
David S. Kong: I feel like Yolo should get more temporary hip points just because he believes that he's never injured.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. You know? Doesn't it feel like you should get Sun Temper?
Mike: This time, the…
Eric Rosenbaum: Damn.
Mike: The second.
David S. Kong: You're saying.
Mike: The second arrow just hits him in the shoulder, and he just… the second, like, in the same spot, you, like, poke the second arrow in the same wound as the first arrow, and this blood gushes out of his shoulder and falls down dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Kate Sackton: Gruesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's my turn, I guess.
Audio shared by Mike: That is… yes, you… don't forget that as a bonus action, you can heal yourself, 1v10 plus 6 hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Tim Sackton: Except you already used your bonus action for.
Mike: You can't this turn, but in general.
Audio shared by Mike: you can, regain. You should also not forget.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
Audio shared by Mike: I'm looking at all the things you could do. You can also add 1D10 to a failed ability check. You should have maybe used that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't know, but I…
Mike: You also have your psionic dice, don't forget about your psionic dice.
Mike: Yes, I was using those last time. The second wind is the healing thing, right? Okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: scaling thing, yeah. But don't forget that you can,
Mike: that you can drop a D8 extra damage, on… any attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the…
Tim Sackton: It's the Mark's turn, Mike.
Mike: It's the orc's turn, yes. This orc… Damn.
Audio shared by Mike: Looks around. Doesn't really love the idea of running into a polar bear.
Audio shared by Mike: is… not…
Audio shared by Mike: sure about this YOLO creature.
Mike: It… it looks around, it, like, roars in.
Mike: Like, like it's psyching itself up and roar something and orcish.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's true.
Mike: lying.
Tim Sackton: Justice waves it over with his axe.
Audio shared by Mike: It goes flying across the battlefield, and appears, like, like, like, not actual flying, but just with this massive burst of speed, and comes, ending up right next to,
Audio shared by Mike: drain, where it swings…
Mike: It's like, two-handed axe just goes flying, like, next to you. Nowhere close.
Mike: Correct.
Mike: Two other orcs are staring around, just as your turn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I channel Divinity to,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Use the, War God's Blessing to cast Shield of Faith.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay. And add 2 to my armor, and then I, I'll show it over to Finn and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): my, my emanations, do I need to keep away from the day's people with.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: If they take any damage, they'll wake up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll wait on that for now. So I'll, just move over next to this orc, and attack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Take a big swing with my big axe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And… Probably missed, that's an 11?
Mike: That misses.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hang on just one sec, I think I have a thing I can do about that.
Tim Sackton: Don't you have, like, War God's Blessing?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Mike: Who knew?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry for the delay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I use.
Tim Sackton: No, or you can just make a…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, go ahead.
Tim Sackton: It's a plus 10.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, I'm gonna turn that into a 21.
Mike: Okay. Can you use… you can use channels as many times as you… it's not a… it's not an action, right? You can use two channels in a… in a turn. Yep.
Mike: Okay. 21 hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's 7…
Mike: 7 damage?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Mike: you.
Mike: Slam into it.
Mike: The lightning arc!
Mike: It's… moves with shocking speed. I said it was… it was 70 feet from right here.
Mike: Basically, so… It appears right here.
Mike: It then runs another…
Mike: 20… feet… to about there…
Mike: And then…
Mike: it… Moves another… let's see, that's… Bonus actions.
Mike: It moves another, 30 feet.
Mike: To be standing right there.
Mike: And whitening's, Crackling around it, but it doesn't… actually have any… Remaining actions.
Mike: This one…
Mike: Uses an action to wake this guy up.
Mike: and then… .
Audio shared by Mike: Shouts.
Mike: Shouts, shout some sort of blessing or curse in Orcish.
Mike: And…
Mike: This, when it shouts.
Mike: this.
Mike: Creature… Like, startles itself and runs… Forward towards the combat.
Mike: Drain your app.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Kate Sackton: in melee with two creatures, but if I…
Kate Sackton: don't attack them, and I attack somebody that's not in melee, I… Don't have a… Something close to me.
Kate Sackton: Disadvantaged thing, right?
Kate Sackton: Like, it's only effective.
Tim Sackton: You have sharpshooters, so you.
Mike: You have Shopify, you don't have any of it.
Tim Sackton: already.
Mike: Yeah. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Oh, okay, so I can… shoot at somebody with it.
Mike: Don't forget about, Kate, don't forget about your beast, also.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I summon my beast first thing.
Kate Sackton: So… Brawlah appears… Ready to…
Mike: What… Oh, you… okay, you have one.
Mike: I think there's actually a… Somebody put one on the…
Tim Sackton: I did.
Mike: But you can…
Mike: I don't know why the extras doesn't… anyway, you have… you… okay, you… yes, you have your companion, alright, so then what are you doing?
Kate Sackton: I will… shoot the… Was Conduit Abe wounded… Conduit Abe was wounded, yeah.
Tim Sackton: By justice, yeah.
Mike: Yes, this guy's wounded.
Kate Sackton: So I will shoot… Conduit A with my longbow.
Mike: Alright?
Kate Sackton: What?
Tim Sackton: Hunter's Mark, maybe?
Kate Sackton: Yeah, that's… I was… yes.
Kate Sackton: I was gonna do that, and then I got distracted by the bird thing. Alright, yes. Hunter's Mark.
Kate Sackton: And then…
Mike: Okay, that's your bonus action, and then a shot.
Kate Sackton: Yep.
Mike: Okay? Roll the hit.
Kate Sackton: Huh.
Audio shared by Mike: 26?
Mike: Bennett?
Kate Sackton: That's 7 damage.
Kate Sackton: That confers slow on the creature until the end of…
David S. Kong: I'm not saying…
Kate Sackton: Or somebody's turn.
David S. Kong: This is the Sacktons, and then Eric, and then Dave Schwartz.
David S. Kong: Oh, I see that?
Mike: Bye.
Audio shared by Mike: Just a sec.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yay!
David S. Kong: I'm honestly like, who are these people?
Audio shared by Mike: Huh?
Tim Sackton: Did you add Hunter's Mark to that role?
Kate Sackton: Does the game not add it to the rule?
Tim Sackton: Nope, the game does not add to the rule.
Kate Sackton: I click the little things, and nothing happens.
Kate Sackton: Oh, non… Poded.
Kate Sackton: Alright, peace.
Kate Sackton: So… That's an extra…
Tim Sackton: 1D6.
Kate Sackton: E6. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: So, 6 more, so… 17. Okay.
Kate Sackton: I'm sorry, 13.
Mike: Yep, I got it. The…
Mike: As you, as your two arrows crash into it, it's.
Tim Sackton: Right, that was only one error, right?
Kate Sackton: So, one arrow.
Mike: with Hunter's Mark.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Mike: crashes into it. It's, it's,
Mike: It's… it's badly hurt at this point, it's bloodied.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike: But you got a second, like, you got a second attack, right?
Kate Sackton: Yes. I believe I have… Some sort of multi-two attack thing, yes.
Kate Sackton: But my bird can take it, right?
Tim Sackton: You should take it, because Hunter's Mark is better.
Kate Sackton: Alright, I'll just do the arrow thing again, then.
Mike: Okay, roll the hit.
Kate Sackton: 14…
Mike: That hits?
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Kate Sackton: That's 12 plus… 2, so 14.
Mike: You kill another one.
Mike: And you're up.
Tim Sackton: I will… Use… command… on the… just at first level, on the Lightning Orc.
Tim Sackton: And tell it to flee.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Wisdom… DC50 and Wisdom Save.
Mike: Okay?
Tim Sackton: If it fails, it has to spend its next turn using all of its movement and action to flee from me as far as it can get.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: It fails it safe.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I'm gonna retrieve another…
Tim Sackton: Another third… like, another… But 20 feet this way.
Mike: Okay?
Mike: Echo, you're up.
David S. Kong: Alright.
Audio shared by Mike: Oh.
David S. Kong: My mom was like, you still play Dungeons & Dragons?
Audio shared by Mike: Like, yeah, this is just like high school mom.
David S. Kong: Nothing has changed.
Audio shared by Mike: Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
David S. Kong: the…
Audio shared by Mike: They're…
David S. Kong: Okay, so should I, should I still tack the non, did you orphan part.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, charge the orc ramp up. Don't forget you have 18 temporary hit points from your… Wild shape.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: So, 2 attacks… I will roll 2 D20s plus 7 for each.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay. 14, and a 26.
Mike: The 14 misses, the 26 hits.
David S. Kong: Okay, so that does another… 2D6 plus 5 slashing damage… 2D6… Damn it, only 8 damage.
Mike: 8 damage.
Mike: Okay, you… you hit it.
Mike: It looks at you, sort of bars its teeth, and… It swings at you,
Mike: with its axe, twice.
Mike: Hitting both times.
Mike: And you take… Take… You take 21 points of damage.
David S. Kong: Well, that's me.
Mike: Yeah, 21 points of damage to you.
David S. Kong: What!
Mike: Yeah, it clawed into your polar bear flesh with this,
Mike: Axe getting two very solid hits on you.
David S. Kong: How many temporary hits?
Mike: You have 18 temporary hit points, so they all go away.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike: make 3… Three actual. I think 3 actual. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Do I also get, extreme belief temporary hit points? Like, I do not.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike: If you need…
Tim Sackton: Two, keep in mind you can cast Cure Wounds
Tim Sackton: Or conjure animals while you're in your wild shape.
David S. Kong: Good to know. Can I do that as a… oh. Not as a bonus action. Not as a bonus.
Mike: Instead of attacking, you could do that.
Tim Sackton: But Hunter Animals might be worth pulling up.
Mike: YOLO, Europe.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I'm gonna wanna shoot the, God color, probably?
Tim Sackton: Keep…
Tim Sackton: I'd keep on the ramp… I mean, let's focus fire here. It's better not to spread damage around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: out.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, I'm… Go down here… Take some shots.
Mike: Alright.
Mike: First attack. This guy's wearing shade now, so plus two to heads.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, amazing. So I'll just add that verbally. I rolled a 17, so that's a 19.
Mike: Yep. Dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then… I forget, is there a damage?
Mike: Bonus. Oh, it's one as well.
Mike: 24.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so that's 8 plus…
Tim Sackton: So it's probably a good time to use some psychic damage, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, yeah, I'll use my, where's that thing?
Eric Rosenbaum: Doop-do.
Tim Sackton: 1D8 plus 3.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I tick off a psionic energy.
Mike: connect… yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you can do that once a term.
Mike: Free action.
Mike: Deal extra damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and there it is.
Mike: V8 cluster.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's another 9.
Mike: good damage rolls. This guy is, like, badly hurt all of a sudden. He was, like… he ran up to the polar bear and just, like, whacked it with the axe and was feeling good about himself, and then… all of a sudden, YOLO just, like, trashes him with.
Mike: barrage of… just one arrow, actually, that… I mean, he already took some damage from the polar bear, but… this one arrow, like, just tore right through him.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's attracted to his channel.
Mike: Exactly, he's bloodied at this point.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, second attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: With advantage, that's a 15 plus 2, a 17 to hit.
Mike: That hits?
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Eric Rosenbaum: So now just regular damage with the 1D4, so that's 5 plus…
Eric Rosenbaum: 3, so 8 damage that time. Okay.
Mike: He's still standing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm… Now, does YOLO make a self-preservation move here? No.
Mike: YOLO. Oh, use your bonus action to heal? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: No, don't do that. You still have 28 hip lanes, you'll be fine. There's a polar bear in between you and this creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm fine, yeah. I believe in myself. That's 11 plus 2, a 13 to hit, is that it?
Mike: About 13 inches.
Mike: You do have a…
Tim Sackton: Not with Advantage.
Mike: Your previous attack hit, so you would have advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's, 28 to hit.
Mike: Wait, is that a crit now?
Eric Rosenbaum: It was a 26 plus 2. That's 8 damage, plus another…
Tim Sackton: excuse me.
Eric Rosenbaum: 2, so 10 total.
Mike: So he falls, like, you hit him, and, like, he, like, staggers to one knee, and then he, like, tears the arrow out, and, like, shakes himself and stands up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Mike: But that's the end of your turn, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Mike: Alright, two arcs do nothing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Mike: And, Destis is up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): At the… what kind of state is the lightning work next to us in? How… how badly… Oh my gosh. Okay. I'm gonna cast a second level…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Guiding bolt.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is a… Shit.
Mike: Myth?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's a 9.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll make that a 19.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Mike: You're only churning through the Gustavo's blessings to make things hit, but 19…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that's okay. I got one more from the shield that I can use after this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And that is… a terrible roll! That's a 9 on 5D6.
Mike: Ow, that is terrible.
Eric Rosenbaum: But, that gives…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The next, that gives the next attack advantage. I'll use my bonus action to attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: With Advantage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Jesus, that's another 9? But that is a natural 20.
Mike: Well, that's basic.
Tim Sackton: Wow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For 14.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay, you…
Mike: Whoops.
Audio shared by Mike: Hitting there.
Audio shared by Mike: Slam into it. It's, it's damaged. I mean, it took some damage. It's turn. Now, it doesn't… so with Flea, it has to use… it can do other things, right? It doesn't have to…
Mike: It can't take an action, because it can use this action to move, but it could… It could do…
Tim Sackton: It's… no, it doesn't get a turn. It spends its turn moving away from you by the fastest turn.
Audio shared by Mike: Wow. Even though it doesn't get a turn, at the start of its turn.
Mike: Lightning crackles around it.
Mike: Justice and Drain make deck saves.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that's a 9.
Kate Sackton: 14.
Tim Sackton: Gotta get you some inspiration there, Justice.
Mike: You take, Drain, you take 5 damage, just as you take 11 damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's fine.
Mike: And then it runs…
Kate Sackton: We get opportunity attacks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): opportunity today.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you do.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah. Well, you don't, because you don't have a melee weapon.
Tim Sackton: Justice.
Kate Sackton: An arm strike it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, that is weird.
Tim Sackton: I don't let him strike at.
Audio shared by Mike: That hits?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's 9 more!
Kate Sackton: Alright. Why not to punch it as it's leaving?
Tim Sackton: I mean, you may as well take a swing at it with your fist.
Tim Sackton: Probably won't hit, but…
Kate Sackton: T.
Tim Sackton: And,
Mike: That hits!
Tim Sackton: Oh, but you do zero damage.
Kate Sackton: I do. But it's the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The sentiment, like the…
Tim Sackton: Because your unarmed strike damage is just your strength modifier.
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: modifier is negative 1.
Mike: Trade, like, pats it on the back as it runs away.
Tim Sackton: It's a mean pat, though, it's an angry Pat.
Mike: Yeah, it is an angry bat.
Mike: Angry Pat.
Kate Sackton: Get outta here!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I gotta step away for a sec, I'll be back in time for my next turn.
Mike: Check.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: This creature… let's see…
Mike: A little afraid of the polar bear.
Mike: But… runs over, actually…
Mike: It… as it runs over, the first thing it does is it…
Mike: Is it… as it's running towards you?
Mike: It shouts?
Mike: It's running towards, YOLO. It skirts around the polar bear.
Mike: Right? But it's running towards YOLO, and it shouts, like, a battle cry, make a wisdom, both Polar Bear and YOLO make a wisdom saving throw.
David S. Kong: 26.
Mike: Hello, this thing is the most terrifying thing you have seen. It's just like this giant orc running towards you. It's extremely frightening.
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally out of character for Yale to be a friend.
David S. Kong: Echo takes a video on his phone to reply to put on the internet later.
Mike: Well, you are… you are frightened of it, which means that, you have disadvantage on attack rolls, and you can't… you can attack it, but you have disadvantage on attack rolls, and you cannot willingly move closer to it.
Mike: And then it… it,
Mike: Slams into you with its axe, taking two blows.
Mike: One of which… one of which misses, one goes… goes wide as you… you duck away from one, it's like this giant two-handed axe, you duck away from one, and it… it's actually a trick, it catches you on the backstroke, and you take… What did I roll?
Mike: 11 points of damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: No problem, I'm good.
Mike: Wax into you, and that is all of its actions.
Mike: game.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Kate Sackton: Aye.
Kate Sackton: Move.
Kate Sackton: About here… Get a good…
Eric Rosenbaum: Beautiful.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can take a reaction to expend a psionic energy die and reduce the damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I do that?
Mike: Check?
Audio shared by Mike: You can do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I got a 10.
Mike: So you reduce the damage by 10.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll just heal Tim.
Mike: Yeah, so just add back 10, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Oh, don't forget, you can action surge, that's probably a good thing to do on your next turn, try and take something out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: Yeah, you should action surge. You could also action surge, that gives you two actions, and then 2 turns, then you could also second win.
Audio shared by Mike: If you're.
Mike: feeling unhappy about being down so many. But it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, then I'm fine.
Tim Sackton: Your brain didn't get a turn.
Kate Sackton: You know, it's like… It's a drain.
Mike: It's…
Mike: Sorry, it's in the middle of Drainstern, sorry, I clicked next before Kate was about to do something. She was when Eric…
Mike: We're in the middle of Dray's turn.
Kate Sackton: Yes, sorry about that. Just starting my turn, I took my…
Audio shared by Mike: Movement.
Kate Sackton: But then Eric had to fix his…
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, go ahead.
Kate Sackton: months before, which is fine. So, I am…
Audio shared by Mike: I can transfer my Hunter's Mark, because my other target died, right?
Tim Sackton: It's a bonus action, but yes.
Kate Sackton: Mmm…
Kate Sackton: Alright, sure, I'll do that.
Kate Sackton: I keep not being able to give my hawk an action, but that's okay.
Tim Sackton: put it on the god color, but then the one that's labeled God color, it'll survive a round. Next round, your hawk can attack it, and you can attack it.
Kate Sackton: That's what I'm doing.
Kate Sackton: I moved to have this angle on the god collar. So then I shoot the god call… God collar with an arrow…
Kate Sackton: 20th?
Mike: 20 hits.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Kate Sackton: 7, and I have the plus 6.
Kate Sackton: That's 12 damage.
Kate Sackton: on that…
Mike: Okay?
Kate Sackton: attack, and then I have a second attack, and I'll just go right.
Mike: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: After them with the long go again.
Audio shared by Mike: So that is a…
Kate Sackton: 3… Rabbits?
Mike: Konga echo's next.
Kate Sackton: Then…
Audio shared by Mike: Alright.
Kate Sackton: Just a little bit of… Just only 6 damage this time around.
Kate Sackton: We'll see your arrows.
David S. Kong: Rampart SLM?
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Let me, kill that red bar guy.
Mike: You're taking a swing at him.
David S. Kong: Okay, hopefully these both hit. 26 and 17?
Mike: That both hits. Although, you don't really want to roll two attacks against him.
Tim Sackton: Because he might die.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Oh, -oh, okay. Well, I'll just attack him once, and then see what happens.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Perspective.
Mike: How much damage did you do?
Mike: Actually, it doesn't… it doesn't matter.
David S. Kong: I do…
Mike: One hip, he has one hit point.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay, okay, yeah, I kill, I kill him.
David S. Kong: And then, which one should I go for next?
Tim Sackton: color, but just come around the behind so that drain still has a clear shot.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: Like here?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Perfect. Alright. And now I attack.
David S. Kong: Oh, can I keep my rolls?
Mike: Yeah, you wanna keep… you can keep your 10.
David S. Kong: Is that the 7th?
David S. Kong: I rolled… I rolled a 17 and a 26.
Mike: Yeah, the… 17 misses.
David S. Kong: Did 17 hit the other one?
Mike: Well, I don't know which order. It's just roll again, because we don't.
David S. Kong: Alright, alright, alright, alright, alright.
Audio shared by Mike: again.
David S. Kong: I'll roll again, I'll all again.
David S. Kong: Alright, let's see…
Tim Sackton: That's what I mean.
David S. Kong: confidence. I have confidence.
David S. Kong: Okay, that's good, 23.
Audio shared by Mike: Is that it?
David S. Kong: And on this one, I do D8 plus 5.
Mike: And then, YOLO, you're next.
David S. Kong: a damage.
Audio shared by Mike: Alright.
Audio shared by Mike: Yo, you're up!
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, we're not trying to kill the guy?
David S. Kong: No, we are.
David S. Kong: We shifted our strategy, now we're just making friends.
Mike: I mean, I'm all.
Mike: He's terrifying to you, and you really think he's too scary to fight, but you can, like, break your teeth and attack him anyway, if you'd really like. You have to kind of, like, close one eye, because it's a little too scary to, like, really…
David S. Kong: Echo's still recording all this, livestreaming all of it, to, to, YOLO.
Tim Sackton: I have the polar bear. Polar bear with a giant claw and a phone in the other hand.
Audio shared by Mike: So…
Mike: You have disadvantage on your attacks, because you're frightened of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yolo looks away while holding both crossbows directly in its face.
Mike: That's pretty much why you have disadvantage, because you're not quite looking at him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so first one… 21… 25, so that's a 21 to hit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's without the plus, too, right?
Mike: And with a plus 2. Yeah, his AC's 18, so…
Eric Rosenbaum: So…
Tim Sackton: So now… now you've got advantage, so now it's a straight roll.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that first one is 10 damage, plus the D4.
Audio shared by Mike: Is another, that's another, so that's 13.
Mike: Yeah, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now… Advantage plus disadvantage.
Mike: I just roll once… Yep.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: For my second attack, that's a 20, plus 2 is 22 to hit.
Mike: What?
Eric Rosenbaum: And then it's 6 plus the T4… That's 9, so 9 total.
Mike: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: And now, so, if I do the action surge, I can do another attack and also heal myself?
Tim Sackton: Yep. Or just do two more attacks. Two more attacks, and take your bonus action second wind.
Eric Rosenbaum: O.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing, alright, so I'll do my action surge.
Mike: Because action search is itself a bonus action, right?
Tim Sackton: No, Action Shark just gives you another action, which you use to take the attack action.
Mike: Right, right, right. Which left you with one class. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So you get two more attacks, and so you end up with four attacks, and your second range.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna, I'm gonna roll now, so I get to…
Mike: Now you're at a.
Eric Rosenbaum: payroll.
Mike: Oh, no, no, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's great.
Mike: You're not an advantage. Sell straight rolls, sell straight rolls. Stra rolls Yeah, stay low.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's 19 plus 2, so another 21 to hit.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's, 6 plus…
Mike: Y'all's like, facing my fears, it's like, it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I'm just…
Eric Rosenbaum: Devin, that time… Oh, I can… I forgot I could do the sonic strike again.
Mike: You can do one sonic die, yeah, you could toss that in, 1v8 plus 3.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's another 8.
Mike: You're only piling up the damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then…
Mike: One more attack!
Tim Sackton: Mike, I'm pretty sure you skipped my turn.
Mike: Oh no, I did, you're right, I'm sorry. Well, go after these guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: It looks like that one misses, that's a 14 plus 2, 16.
Mike: Yeah, that misses. Finian's next. Sorry, I did skip Finian's turn. I'm sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then, can I also do my second VIN thing?
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Fit it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I'll get back.
Mike: witches.
David S. Kong: bell.
Mike: Yeah. Finan, what are you doing?
Eric Rosenbaum: 13.
Tim Sackton: Where is the lightning? How far away did it run?
Mike: 30… 30 feet off the bottom of the map.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna move 30 feet this way.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Which is probably not gonna put me in range of anything, except…
Tim Sackton: that I can use a bonus action to give justice inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Because what I really wanted to do before his turn.
Mike: Right, okay, his turn's next.
Tim Sackton: And I will… use the second level slot.
Tim Sackton: As I will, again, take my little ocarina out and play this sort of haunting melody that forms three duplicate images of myself.
Mike: Alright.
Tim Sackton: Standing and mimicking next to me. Sorry, two…
Mike: Justice League?
Tim Sackton: Duplicates, yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I do love it when it plays at Ocarina. Lightning Orc is still running, or Lightning Orc is just hanging out?
Mike: Stopped running, it was commanded to flee for one turn, so it fled for one turn. It's currently 70 feet from you.
Tim Sackton: Go get the gogaller.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): God collar… God color.
Mike: 40 feet from you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How old did his gut caller?
Mike: It's like… it's taken a… it took a pounding last turn, but it does not look like it's… he does not look, like, badly hurt.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Definitely damaged, right? So, so somewhere above…
Mike: Somewhere below 3 quarters and above half, probably. Cool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I can make it, I think, 25 feet because of the level of exhaustion. I'm gonna cast another second level on the Godcaller, a second level, Guiding Bolt.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here it comes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's an 18…
Mike: That's true.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good. 18 hits.
Mike: About… you, like, are you subtracting 2 for your exhaustion?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Would you like me to?
Tim Sackton: I gave you inspiration.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does 16 hit?
Mike: 16 hits, and 16th is not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does a 17 hit?
Mike: 17 does not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, I'll roll the die then. Is the D8?
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: D8, yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's an 8!
Mike: That it!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, 13 radiant damage. And…
Mike: J.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The next attack on the god color has advantage.
Mike: Okay, that's it for your turn?
Audio shared by Mike: Yep. Are you doing anything else?
Mike: This…
Tim Sackton: You don't want to get Spirit Guardians up?
Mike: 30 feet.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you pass Guiding Ball, so you can't do it anyway, so…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean, at this point, I don't… yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With the distribution on the field.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Audio shared by Mike: 30 feet?
Mike: Runs back right to here.
Mike: Again.
Audio shared by Mike: sort of… And the second attack is, like… the second… the second.
Mike: Move is like.
Audio shared by Mike: Being said.
Mike: It runs, and then he, like, shouts a blessing as he runs further, putting on an extra burst of speed.
Mike: And… The whitening from his body…
Audio shared by Mike: Just… he, like… he, like… sort of…
Mike: Just puts his axe up, like, between his… his… his hands, and just these arcs of lightning come flying out.
Mike: Drain, Justice, and Echo, YOLO make deck saves.
Kate Sackton: 11.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 11, including the exhaustion.
Mike: 11… if you rolled in… let's see,
Mike: 13 points of damage halved if you made the save, which was… 11 fails it. Kate, what did you get?
Kate Sackton: 11.
Mike: That fails it.
Mike: shorts, you got an 11, too? I forget.
Audio shared by Mike: Yep.
Mike: And Eric, you got an 18?
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that what I said? I think so.
Mike: Think so, yeah.
Mike: 18 million.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ben.
Mike: 11 fails it, so 13 or half of 13.
Mike: Sorry, 12, or half of 12.
Mike: I misunderstood that.
Mike: So, so 6 for you, Eric.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mixed damage, okay.
Mike: then… the God color.
Tim Sackton: Hey, you have to make a concentration check for your… Hunter's Mark.
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
Mike: Godcaller, looks around,
Mike: turns to… y'all out.
Mike: And sort of, the fear is… the fear… The fear is passing.
Mike: It seems to you like you are feeling better,
Mike: But he just turns and looks at you, and he just shouts this curse again.
Mike: Justice, Polar Bear, and YOLO all make, Wisdom saving throws.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Natural 20.
Mike: You're fine?
Eric Rosenbaum: Naturally.
Mike: The two of you, who failed Echo and YOLO, you're both terrified of this guy.
David S. Kong: We both played?
Mike: It felt better for a minute,
Mike: Yolo, but then he roared again, and it's too scary. You too, Echo. He's terrifying.
Mike: and then he swings… what's your AC, Eric?
Tim Sackton: 16.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Mike: 16. So he swings…
Audio shared by Mike: Two acts…
Mike: This great axe again comes whistling through the air, the same damn faint as last time. He wildly misses once, and then solidly hits you the second time.
David S. Kong: Excited, try it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm…
Mike: That… so you take another 11 points of damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I do my reaction thing, or did I already use it?
Mike: You did not… you used it last time he attacked you, right? Which was last… Right. You've had a turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, okay.
Mike: Since he last attacked you, so you got your reaction back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Excellent.
Eric Rosenbaum: I should be able to do it again. Can I do it again?
Mike: As long as you have sciatic thyroid.
Eric Rosenbaum: field.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah, I am running a little low. I've used 4 out of 6. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's 11, so it's 0.
Mike: So, you took the damage from the lightning bolt, though? Did you get that?
Eric Rosenbaum: The 6 damage from the lightning bolt.
Audio shared by Mike: I think I did, yes. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because I'm down to 34 now, that seems right, yes.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah, yeah. Oh, because you healed with second wind a fair bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: gift.
Mike: Okay, is…
Eric Rosenbaum: Livestream. Nice.
Mike: Yeah, heh… His turn is over. Drain, you're up.
Kate Sackton: Hmm…
Kate Sackton: So I still have Hunter's Mark on the God Caller.
Kate Sackton: I'm gonna step a little bit to the side, which will hook… or diagonally, which will get me a little bit further from the light… I don't know what the range of the lightning arcs… I mean, you've got a longbow, right? Get, like… Yes.
Tim Sackton: Further away than that.
Mike: Oh, you're pulled 30 feet.
Tim Sackton: For your full move.
Kate Sackton: Alright. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: And then I do my rulings.
Kate Sackton: 14… Mrs.
Kate Sackton: I think…
Mike: Putting shit.
Kate Sackton: The God Caller, because that's…
Tim Sackton: This is the… this is the next… attack after… Justice, so you get…
Mike: You have advantage. Yep.
Kate Sackton: Oh, nice.
Kate Sackton: 15 minutes.
Kate Sackton: Oh, well…
Mike: I get attacked, though.
Kate Sackton: Yep, I do.
Mike: And then you still have your bonus action if you want to do something with it.
Kate Sackton: Seriously?
Mike: he misses!
Tim Sackton: See if Rala has better luck.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, alright.
Mike: That's a lot of 15s.
Kate Sackton: It was a lot of 15s. So…
Kate Sackton: Raw doesn't care whether… she attacks the God Caller, or… I mean, was she far enough?
Mike: Yeah, there's…
Mike: Rolla also has flybys, so Rolla can fly… fly in, make an attack, and… 60-foot, maybe. Maybe the…
Mike: So you could fly and make an attack and fly back, right? You could do, like, that, and then, like, that, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Or go after the Lightning Orc. Like, it doesn't really matter, they're both damaged.
Tim Sackton: Keep going on… yeah, keep going on the God caller.
Mike: It's, it's a spell attack,
Mike: And it does 1d4 plus 6 damage if it hits.
Kate Sackton: So I wrote, just roll a straight D20 and see what happens.
Mike: Well, shake the tidy, plus… plus your wisdom.
Kate Sackton: Well, 18.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that hits.
Kate Sackton: So, I don't need to figure out what my wisdom is.
Mike: It's a 1d4 plus 6 damage.
Mike: And then Tim Finian's up.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Seven?
Mike: And then the frightened Kenshu are next.
Tim Sackton: We'll walk over here.
Tim Sackton: And… Use…
Tim Sackton: The… mmm…
Tim Sackton: I think I'm actually gonna just use a… vicious mockery.
Mike: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So I will shout a curse in Old Zenkoven at the God Caller, WisdomDC15.
Mike: Is it 60 foot range?
Tim Sackton: 60 foot range.
Mike: Makes the safe.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Nothing happens to the gut caller.
Mike: Hold on, you also take 4 points of… you hear this shout in your mind again, you take 4 points of psychic damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: I guess I'm forgetting to… I keep forgetting that he can use his reaction against other spellcasters as well. Sorry, Tim, I only seem to remember it on you.
Mike: That's okay.
Tim Sackton: I got it. I'm gonna use a luck point to roll my Khan save with advantage.
Mike: Oh, for your, oh, you failed your font save on…
Mike: It's only 4 damage, it's not a very hard con save.
Tim Sackton: Well, I don't have any…
Mike: Oh, yeah, ability as well.
Tim Sackton: whatsoever, to help with concentration, which is why I have lucky.
Mike: Great.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Then I'm gonna… I'm gonna give a barnic to…
Tim Sackton: Justice. Thank you.
Tim Sackton: And I'm gonna use the first level spell slot to get the Bardic back.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: Kenku, you guys are attacking… well, you're terrified of the God Power, you can attack it with disadvantage if you'd like, or you can do something else. Kong's first, but if Kong's… are you…
David S. Kong: I'm here.
Mike: Yep.
Mike: Akio's turn!
Mike: Dude, this guy's come on, didn't
Mike: He's still not dead, he's badly hurt, he's bloodied, he's significantly below half, but he's not dead.
David S. Kong: Alright, well, let me finish them off, then. It's siege.
David S. Kong: Alright, first attack…
Mike: You have disadvantage.
David S. Kong: Yeah, roll.
David S. Kong: A disadvantage? Damn it.
Mike: Hey, you're terrified of this guy. He's so scary!
David S. Kong: Edit.
David S. Kong: 16?
Mike: 16 misses.
David S. Kong: Alright, second attack…
David S. Kong: Let's see… 17? Or no, 18? 18?
Mike: 18 hits.
David S. Kong: Yes.
David S. Kong: 2D6 plus… 5… 14.
Mike: 14 damage. You hit him badly with your claws, but, still standing.
David S. Kong: Damn it.
Mike: Yellow Europe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike: And last time.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm excited.
Mike: Anything… yeah?
Eric Rosenbaum: To face my fears.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: I'm…
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so… Disadvantage, right?
Mike: Disadvantage, yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well… That's a natural one, so…
Mike: That's not gonna happen.
Tim Sackton: I wouldn't miss this.
Mike: Yeah. Okay, so second one…
Audio shared by Mike: is a 15…
Eric Rosenbaum: And, 18…
Tim Sackton: Dean misses, so…
Mike: 15 misses, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I have 3, right? Yep. The third one…
Mike: 20 would hit.
Eric Rosenbaum: With the plus 2, there's a 22?
Mike: 22 hits, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that's a…
Mike: Yeah. Stop it.
Eric Rosenbaum: 17.
Mike: misses.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike: His AC's 18.
Eric Rosenbaum: It turns out…
Mike: It's too hard, shooting with your eyes closed doesn't always work out.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I'm saying, yeah, it's just.
Mike: Justice, your turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: It doesn't.
Mike: Wait, did you… did you make your wisdom save? You made your save, right? You're not afraid of it. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How… what's the situation with the guy right next to me, that lightning arc? What… what's the state?
Mike: Fairly badly hurt. No? None of them are doing okay. They're all, like, bloody and beaten up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, I'm gonna guiding bolt the guy right next to me.
Mike: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's a… 17?
Mike: 17 hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's… Hey, now it comes through, that's 18 radiant damage.
Mike: Okay, he explodes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Disappointing. I would have had an advantage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I'll… I'll… I'll come join this guide call.
Mike: Make a dex… make a deck safe? No, no, no, he explodes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, oh, not metaphorically.
Mike: Not metaphorically, no, he literally explodes. Make a deck save.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's a 1 minus 1, that's a 0 altogether?
Tim Sackton: I think it's worth using the bardic on that one.
Mike: You take…
Mike: You take 30 points of damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Holy shit!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Huh.
Mike: You don't have to run towards the golf collar.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I just… I'm… I think my reaction is, I just sort of look around like, huh…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Huh. It's been a while. I have 3 hit points. It's been a long time since I've been, like, this badly hurt in a combat. This is, it's throwing me off a little. Oh, no, no, no. Justice has the perfect thing to say in this moment. He looks around, he just says.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Gettin' ruled for this.
Mike: The God Caller, works or ads.
Mike: Seeing, most of its allies dead or gone doesn't seem to,
Mike: slow it down, though, it just seems angry and driven to keep… to keep fighting.
Mike: it touches one of its, like, tattoo… you know, one of its, like, carved, like, scarred carvings to darken its,
Mike: Body, right? And then it just… it, like, looks… it, like, stares YOLO in the eye.
Eric Rosenbaum: And…
Mike: Slams with its greataxe.
Mike: just… Perfectly placed blood, doing, 14 points of damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like, for now, I… I don't have the reaction, right?
Mike: You used the reaction, yes. No!
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm down…
Mike: You used it last time on its attack. It's back… no, you attacked again. You have your action again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, okay.
Mike: It's… this is the next turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: So… I'll use my second-to-last Ionic Energy Dice to do the protective field thing for 9.
Eric Rosenbaum: I get 9 back.
Mike: Great. Then… It just… Winds up its axe again.
Eric Rosenbaum: No problem, not worried.
Mike: It's due another second time for 15 damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Slightly worried.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna put in words that.
Mike: That's, bardic, subtract from the… what… what is that? That's from the damage, or the attack roll?
Tim Sackton: Whoa, what did it roll?
Mike: It rolled a… what's this plus? It rolled a… Hold on. It… Enrolled A20.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna do from the damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: So… what happens?
Tim Sackton: It… it…
Mike: Fidian's reducing the damage by…
Tim Sackton: Let me know.
Mike: I don't remember how this…
Mike: Thin-end is… I don't remember what feature works. Finn in. Finn in. Finn in. Finn in is reducing the Finance by…
Mike: Send in…
Tim Sackton: Finnan just shouts again a distracting curse in its direction, and the blow deflects glancingly, reducing the damage it does by 7 points. So, instead of 15, you take 8.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks.
Mike: You'll heal 7, you effectively heal 7, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, back up to…
Mike: Jane's turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: rub.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: I'm still confused, I was failed this map. Am I roughly 60 feet away? I'm just shooting.
Mike: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Color… God color from here.
Mike: They're 45 feet from the gun color.
Kate Sackton: Love it. Alright.
Kate Sackton: Alright, so…
Kate Sackton: Get the party rolling with a 28.
Mike: that hits.
Kate Sackton: But the damage there is very sad.
Tim Sackton: But I… But I pretend to answer Mark.
Kate Sackton: Hunter's Mark. I know I'm rolling it. This computer's slower than me, for a chance.
Mike: That's the bet.
Kate Sackton: So, 11.
Mike: Okay, second attack.
Kate Sackton: That…
Mike: And then, Tim?
Kate Sackton: But then… Yeah, I'm still…
Kate Sackton: Well, I guess my bonus attack.
Tim Sackton: Well, I guess to attack.
Mike: Oh yeah, Rawa, yeah. Diving in, dive bombing again, like last time?
Kate Sackton: Yep.
Mike: Alright?
Kate Sackton: She gets a 15.
Mike: That misses.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Mike: Damn.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike: Oh, and,
Mike: the god color all of a sudden to the two Kaku, he's looking less scary, right? Like, something about that last turn, it's like, you know…
Mike: He's not.
Tim Sackton: How damaged…
Mike: wounded. He's not so… he doesn't seem so scared anymore. He's badly hurt. He's… he's… he's… significantly past-bodied.
Tim Sackton: Oh, gosh.
Tim Sackton: I will, use my Faye-touched… Dissonant whispers.
Tim Sackton: So, Sylvan Curse, which is a DC-15 Wisdom saving throw.
Tim Sackton: Probably have only wisdom saving throws.
Mike: Keep rolling really good rolls on Wisdom, too. He succeeds.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so he takes 5 points of psychic damage.
Mike: Okay, and he doesn't like it when you cast spells on him. He's gonna… he's gonna… you take 3 more psychic damage in response.
Tim Sackton: I don't think it would…
Tim Sackton: be horrible if these guys woke up now, so I'm not gonna spend a lucky.
Tim Sackton: And I'm fine. I do not wake up.
Mike: Alright.
Mike: Echo.
Mike: This gone color is all of a sudden looking kind of feeble.
David S. Kong: It's okay, can we kill him now?
David S. Kong: Yeah? Well, I don't know, you tell me.
David S. Kong: Ethan's gonna kill him right now.
Mike: Hey!
David S. Kong: Alright, so… I have faith in you. No longer disadvantaged, right?
Mike: No longer disadvantage, yeah.
David S. Kong: Okay. 25. Well, I rolled a 27 and a 16.
Mike: 27 hits, 16 does not hit.
David S. Kong: Alright, and I will roll 2d6 plus 5 damage… I do 9 damage.
Mike: 9 damage.
Mike: He shakes it off, he's still standing.
David S. Kong: Whaaat?
David S. Kong: Dammit.
Mike: YOLO!
Tim Sackton: Got it.
Eric Rosenbaum: in the face.
Mike: Other than that.
David S. Kong: Finish a mockula.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, here we go. So, I have just a straight roll this time.
Mike: Nope. Yeah, stay roll, correct. Stay roll.
Eric Rosenbaum: 23 to hit.
Mike: That hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, we'll do the… 7… plus…
Eric Rosenbaum: 1d4 is 9, and then I can use my sonic strike for the final time, using up all of my…
Eric Rosenbaum: Ionic energy date.
Eric Rosenbaum: To add another… 11.
Mike: He… your arrow just, like, flies in, and, like.
Mike: solidly hits him, like, right in the chest, and he, like, falls to his knees. And he, like, grabs the arrow, and just pulls it out, like, wicks the blood off it, and stands up again.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's this thing of pulling out arrows? Not cool.
Tim Sackton: Look at him again.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll give him another one.
Tim Sackton: With advanced… just hit him.
Mike: I do hit 24 hits anyway, though. I mean, you could roll to see if you crit, but…
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, I did. Okay, so then this one is just regular damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: of the 9 plus the D4, so it's a total of…
David S. Kong: Why'd he call himself the God Caller? Is that, like, what he calls himself? Is this, like, a self-nickname situation, or is this, like, a…
Mike: He's, like, covered in, like, scars honoring Thark.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay. Alright.
Mike: job.
Mike: The second arrow, it just… you hit him again, and he falls down again, and his hand, like, reaches out to pull the arrow out, and he just falls for it on his face instead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Goodness.
David S. Kong: Wait, so he's dead? Or he's not dead?
Mike: He's dead.
David S. Kong: No, he's actually…
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't usually People so many times in a row.
Mike: There are two more,
Mike: I don't think it's worth running out the combat against them.
Tim Sackton: No, we all just surround him and kill them one at a time.
Tim Sackton: Those ones didn't… those ones are pretty weak, they didn't take that many hits.
Mike: No, they had, like, 26 inputs.
Mike: Hypnotic Pattern is a good spell.
Tim Sackton: It is, yeah.
Mike: Yeah, no, it's, it's, So…
Mike: there are now these bodies of the orcs. You can obviously search. I'm gonna suggest, though, that we…
Mike: do the.
David S. Kong: Is there… is there a stone?
Mike: Yeah, you'll find it. I mean, it's not… but I want to do the whole, like, end. I have a whole set of end scenes that I don't want to do tonight, because it's 12.15, so let's just pick up next time with the,
Mike: With the aftermath of the combat.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, that makes total sense, but next time is…
Tim Sackton: February 5th? Is that still good with everybody?
David S. Kong: Is that… is that the last…
Tim Sackton: Is that likely to be the last Chasm session?
Tim Sackton: or one.
Mike: I mean, you…
Tim Sackton: that.
Mike: You guys want to go back and deal with… Finalize your bargain with the… with the…
Tim Sackton: That's our plan, yeah.
Mike: Yes. So, I was planning for this to be one session, and that to be one session. This obviously ran over, so now…
Mike: I think… I don't think it's two more full sessions, but it might be…
Mike: I don't think we're gonna… I mean, maybe what we could do is, if we have Dragonat brainstorming, we could do one…
David S. Kong: Yeah, we can do… we can make one of these a half session.
Mike: doubleheader, like… because I'm pretty sure there will be a final scene that we don't get to,
Mike: Right, but we don't have any faster.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, we could do some.
Tim Sackton: We don't have anything past…
Mike: Yeah, I mean, we can just… I think we should just schedule something, and if it's Dragon Nets or Chasm or whatever, we'll just…
Mike: We do not have anything scheduled. I am…
Tim Sackton: That's what I'm just saying, should we schedule something after the 5th?
Mike: Yes.
Mike: I am… Out the week of the 18th.
Mike: So…
David S. Kong: Juneteenth is a Wednesday.
Mike: I'm sorry, I'm looking at the wrong count.
Tim Sackton: The week of the 16th.
Mike: The week of the 50th, yeah.
Mike: I was looking at the wrong one.
Tim Sackton: So, should we either do 2 weeks in a row, and then,
Tim Sackton: break to pick up into March, or should we do the…
Tim Sackton: 5th and the… like, the week of the 23rd. What's good for people?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Last week of February would be better for me. That week of.
Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just super busy.
Mike: And I… we're going away on the 13th, but I don't think I could do the 12th, and it's, like, a lot to try and do the 5th and the 9th or something like that. I think the 23rd would be better, if that works for people.
David S. Kong: Works great for me.
David S. Kong: I'm free, kind of whatever.
Tim Sackton: that week.
David S. Kong: screw whatever.
David S. Kong: Any evening is fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have no evening meetings that week, and it is blowing my mind.
Mike: I am…
Tim Sackton: Wow.
Tim Sackton: We should play two days that week.
Mike: Second book.
David S. Kong: Any night that week.
Tim Sackton: That's crazy. That's, like, not happened in, like, 4 years.
Mike: Can we do the Tuesday?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, Tuesday the 24th is great.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, let's do it.
Tim Sackton: So I'm gonna just… I'm gonna… yeah, this'll be a chasm transition.
Mike: Yeah, we'll either do…
Kate Sackton: Did we… I mean, did we just establish?
Kate Sackton: No, it doesn't have to be the 21st.
Kate Sackton: So…
Mike: Do you have a…
Tim Sackton: Long Experiment, the 24th, or something?
Kate Sackton: I have a presentation the 25th.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I just assumed… Through the 24th.
Mike: Hold up. I don't… so, we got Charlie tickets to Conan Gray, which is a…
Mike: concert, either the 25th or 26th, but I don't remember which day, and it's not in our calendar.
Mike: But I can't play that night.
Mike: So, I would.
David S. Kong: You choose.
Mike: Shampoo is asleep.
David S. Kong: 2025 or 26, either's fine.
Mike: That's up.
David S. Kong: this…
Tim Sackton: Mike doesn't… I know.
Mike: I don't…
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah. Text us when you know.
Mike: Yeah, I could.
David S. Kong: Texas one unit.
Tim Sackton: I'm putting it… I'm putting it in as the 25th, but Mike, tell me, and I'll move it to the 26th if necessary.
Mike: I just need to check with Dana tomorrow.
Tim Sackton: Okay, and that's gonna be… so this'll mostly wrap up…
Tim Sackton: On the 5th, and then the 25th is gonna be…
Tim Sackton: transition planning, figuring stuff out, because also, I think…
Tim Sackton: We're talking about doing the Faye, what, in March?
Tim Sackton: Second half of March, Schwartz, you were saying? End of March?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And, yeah, pushing later will be a little bit better for me.
Mike: Yeah, so we can either…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's some setup we can do for that, like, characters for that can be a session, and…
Mike: Yeah, I mean… Oh, yeah, yeah, sessions.
Tim Sackton: But I also want to… if we have a… if we have a brainstorming session that doesn't fully run over, I started to think about Campaign 3, I wanna…
Tim Sackton: start some wheels turning a little bit on Campaign 3.
Mike: I think we should assume that the… that the… That the 25th will be…
Mike: between 1 and 2 hours of Chasm, and then…
Mike: Pass a debrief, chat, brainstorm the next thing, end a little bit early, kind of.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: evening.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that works. That's great.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Lovely. Good night, everybody.